Tim Sackton: The basic idea here is that
Tim Sackton: you have a few days in chart, and I'll do a short intro and remind everybody
Tim Sackton: where things are
Tim Sackton: And then it's a few days flight on Vindicharna to
Tim Sackton: the Chattan Mountains, where you're going.
Tim Sackton: And I'll probably just I mean.
Tim Sackton: think about the bastion stuff you want, and I can do that when you arrive.
Tim Sackton: and whatever benefits you get out of those things you can get. The
Tim Sackton: I think it'll I mean, unless there's anything anybody is eager to do and chart in before
Tim Sackton: departing. I I know that you've had some magic item shopping to do for
Tim Sackton: seeker, but like that's whatever we can.
Tim Sackton: You won't need those for this adventure, so we'll just do that in the background.
Tim Sackton: any. And so I don't think there's anything else.
Tim Sackton: So I think it makes sense to kind of just pick up
Tim Sackton: app, though.
Tim Sackton: Say, say, if you leave, it's currently like, after having left the magistrates. It's, you know, noon
Tim Sackton: on June 29.th Say, you spend 2 and a half days in charter and 2 and a half days flying, you would arrive.
Tim Sackton: What is that
Tim Sackton: 1, 2.
Tim Sackton: So noon, noon evening, and then
Tim Sackton: 1, 2. You'd you'd arrive the morning of July 4.th
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sorry one other piece of logistics did we ever identify the crystal ball.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's regular old crystal ball. Okay.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not like evil crystal ball of like soul entrapment, or I don't know something.
Tim Sackton: I mean, nobody has tried to use it. So you know, it might have like.
Tim Sackton: you know, Apollyon's dead hands and flames burning whenever you try and look into it?
Tim Sackton: you know. Maybe it has some hidden features. It's probably not just a regular crystal ball, but from the point of view of an identify spell. It's a right
Tim Sackton: which isn't that useful? Because I mean, normally, you know, a crystal ball is very useful because you can cast scry as many times as you want, but you can already scry as many times as you want, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Day.
Mike: Is it crystal, crystal ball? I just as a scry focus or crystal ball as a magic item.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a magic get is a link.
Mike: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Unless you cast sky an unlimited number of times.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Well, that's slightly more useful than dealt with scrying.
Mike: Oh, yeah, it's a literal crystal ball.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: yeah, it's I mean, it is slightly more useful. It's just. It's probably not worth an attune slot.
Mike: Right? Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: But it's, you know, not a bad magic item.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: By any means, and who knows what other quirks it might have.
Mike: Rate.
Tim Sackton: So let's go to Chardon.
Tim Sackton: Music.
Mike: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Okay. So we pick up in Chardon after you have agreed to help a young Magistros, Emperor of
Tim Sackton: the Chadonian Empire to acquire a new source of Chalite from the Chattan Mountains, which was, you know, it was actually a a
Tim Sackton: as the notes that Midas has gathered for you reveal.
Tim Sackton: Was a brief sort of boomtown with some surface accessible. Cheleh
Tim Sackton: about 60 years ago or so 50 to 60 years ago, but was
Tim Sackton: not developed as a robust source of chelate, because the Expeditionary Force that entered
Tim Sackton: the Chattan Mountains to try and secure the
Tim Sackton: you know, the roads and the and the entryways to the mines was summer, summarily obliterated by a Mega death ray powered by J. Light.
Tim Sackton: and at that point it was declared not worth the trouble.
Tim Sackton: and the story of the defeat was suppressed.
Tim Sackton: I, both Midas, Arata and the current magistress's aunt and her predecessor.
Tim Sackton: But of course the magistrates of Chardin kept this knowledge, and now has decided.
Tim Sackton: has found people willing to face the death ray.
Tim Sackton: Apparently.
Tim Sackton: So you spend a few days.
Tim Sackton: Gathering this research, talking to people getting prepared to leave.
Tim Sackton: putting out some feelers to purchase
Tim Sackton: some magic items useful for the eventual travel to the plane of fire. That seeker has been asking for
Tim Sackton: There's not, like, you know, a magic item shop. So this is probably something when you're
Tim Sackton: presumably back in a week or so people would be eating.
Tim Sackton: discuss. But you start putting out feelers.
Tim Sackton: And it is, you know, on the
Tim Sackton: evening tide, a couple days later that you set sail with Hiberius the windcaller, and
Tim Sackton: and you and 2 people who
Tim Sackton: Midas has sent to travel with you, although neither is intending to.
Tim Sackton: you know, go fight giants, or anything they are there to
Tim Sackton: as support, and you know, as
Tim Sackton: help with any sort of imperial bureaucracy that might
Tim Sackton: arise, and also, just, you know, to report back to Midas.
Tim Sackton: And here's gong, hey?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, hong!
Mike: How you doing, hey?
David S. Kong: What's up y'all? Hold on one second.
David S. Kong: I'm doing good little. Been a little stressful. But
David S. Kong: you know, life is life be lifing my mom has been out of the hospital for what you know.
David S. Kong: Oh, out of the hospital, maybe like a little bit about a week and a half, maybe. But yeah, she's doing a lot better now. And you know, my mom wasn't really like walk was not, you know required, like 2 people moving around before she broke her hip. So but we had to like install.
Tim Sackton: Wait.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So we pick up as you sail to Vindersharna on one of the navy up.
Tim Sackton: And now we'll talk to Eric.
Mike: Hey, Eric.
Tim Sackton: Hi.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey! Everybody.
David S. Kong: Well.
Tim Sackton: We were just starting to leave Chardon
Tim Sackton: and head for the mountains, with 2 travelers sent by the magisters to join you.
Tim Sackton: Ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is, seek is, are we playing the seekers in the party, but controlled by some external entity or.
Tim Sackton: So seekers on the ship.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's been on the ship. Seeker's been sending Seeker 3 the simulacrum around doing errands and charting, and nobody's gotten back to the ship yet, so nobody's entirely sure if it's actually
Tim Sackton: intact, or if Seeker and Fodrick managed to sink it with their ice shell. Submarine experiments.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes, of course.
David S. Kong: Wait! Don't we have like a don't we have like a view? Isn't there like a like an equivalent of like a nest camera on the ship like, can't we like? Look and see what's going on like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, that's.
Mike: The way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Else.
Mike: Do we have any of those eyes left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You do you? You could put one on the ship to keep track of seeker and project.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we we definitely do. We should do that. We.
Mike: We should do that.
David S. Kong: Do you want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Consent to that, though. Yeah, I guess the key.
Tim Sackton: Personally, it gets covered for by a privacy screen. But yeah, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just for everyone's safety.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's so, it's so deep in the vendor. Sharna. Terms of service like no, no one ever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's done.
Tim Sackton: So you're sailing out to Vindichana.
Tim Sackton: In the afternoon. Traveling fast with a wind collar.
Tim Sackton: Creating wind for the ship with 2
Tim Sackton: 2, 2 of the magistrate's friends and allies who are coming along for the journey.
Tim Sackton: One is a middle-aged woman, maybe in her early fifties. Very sort of
Tim Sackton: like old Chardonian vibes like
Tim Sackton: But you know clearly an ex-soldier, ex-warrior of some kind, and she still wears, you know, of of
Tim Sackton: insignia of rank, and and a Legion cloak.
Tim Sackton: She introduces herself as Octavia Antessis
Tim Sackton: A close friend and advisor of the magistrates.
Tim Sackton: And she is, has an effective rank of
Tim Sackton: you know she's she's essentially a commander in the Legion, and and if you need to
Tim Sackton: recruit an army for some reason, or, you know, need some official backup to
Tim Sackton: get aid from the local legions, or whatever she's willing to provide.
Tim Sackton: the other traveler is about as opposite as you could be from Octavia Tristan. Bright eyes, a wind collar, young, maybe a couple years younger than than Kenzo and the magistrates. So maybe. What? 2324
Tim Sackton: He's bouncy and energetic, and and as you
Tim Sackton: seems excited as you set out, and he's looking out on the horizon just like looking back at you all just super impressed like excited.
Tim Sackton: bloody hell as you guys are, gonna take on a chelike death ray that decimated an entire legion. Amazing!
Tim Sackton: Can't wait to see this
Tim Sackton: and every time he turns you look you were struck by the just like his eyes are this
Tim Sackton: unnatural pale blue, with no, with like no iris or people. They're just flat, pale blue
Tim Sackton: but it looks like there's sort of stars or clouds kind of swirling in them.
Tim Sackton: And so you find yourself at Vindersharna. A lot of
Tim Sackton: ice floating in the water beneath it. For some reason.
Mike: Hee?
Mike: Nobody really knows where that came from. Right seeker.
David S. Kong: Yeah, seeker, what is going on with all this ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've been doing some very fruitful experimentation, as you know.
Mike: As you know, we do know. We know. Yes.
David S. Kong: Any results, to report insights.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've discovered several distinct formations of pressure, sealed, globular, magically suspended ice formations that do not
Eric Rosenbaum: support their own weight.
Tim Sackton: There is one out there that does Baldrick Johnson. We will find out.
David S. Kong: Wait, neither collapsing.
David S. Kong: Sorry, my, in the ocean now or.
Tim Sackton: No, they're floating like icebergs.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: They're big chunks, like none of the none they broke.
Tim Sackton: They all broke.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've been making ice bubble after ice bubble that explodes spectacularly in different ways for different reasons.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Tim Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Progress.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, soon
Tim Sackton: we'll be ready to take it into a volcano. Right? Oh, wait! Was I not supposed to say that yet? Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know it's the next round of testing, of course. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Well, right? Because if we're going to go to the plane of fire we got to test in a volcano. I mean, that's only common sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
Tim Sackton: You all look worried. Why.
David S. Kong: It's just excited to see the advancements of the Vindisharna research labs. It's just great to see it's all moving so well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Applied magical sciences.
Mike: I I'm just worried about the death rate.
Tim Sackton: Wait!
Eric Rosenbaum: Death, ray.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm a little worried about the death ray. Yeah, it's.
David S. Kong: No really worried about the death ray.
Eric Rosenbaum: And no concern is how we'll mount it on the ship. But.
Tim Sackton: Oh,
Tim Sackton: Fodrick looks curious that as long as you can.
Tim Sackton: let's not get too close seeker
Tim Sackton: like maybe we can do research from afar.
Tim Sackton: Where are we going? By the way.
Mike: Alta Tonaro.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Southeast.
Mike: Southeast.
Mike: I assume, Tim, by the way, that that it's the
Mike: easterly river is the silver flood.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: And that little square.
Tim Sackton: City, is.
Mike: City is the.
Tim Sackton: So over the next couple of days you fly across the
Tim Sackton: the ocean and the rolling fields of the agricultural lands just south of Chardon.
Tim Sackton: You fly across the
Tim Sackton: Yurod River Valley, where you see the dense aquaculture swamps of the Lizard, one of the largest lizard settlements in this part of the world.
Tim Sackton: and as you begin to ascend into the foothills of the Chattan Mountains, you fly into the
Tim Sackton: sort of backwater province of Alta Toronto, where dry, rolling hills dotted with cedar and juniper forests,
Tim Sackton: canyons that flood in the rare summer thunderstorm
Tim Sackton: and river valleys with riparian forests that spring to life after the winter rains.
Tim Sackton: Few people or travelers come here. The only substantial settlement is the town
Tim Sackton: city, but really a town of Argento on the
Tim Sackton: a small tributary of the silver flood
Tim Sackton: nestled up again in the foothills of the mountains, still surviving primarily through
Tim Sackton: some silver production in silver mines, but a shadow of its former self during the brief Chelite boom.
Tim Sackton: And you know you have maps with you. You've you've done some research.
Tim Sackton: You certainly can just fly straight to the battles. You know the the site of this battle. The
Tim Sackton: the Riftstone Gorge disaster is.
Tim Sackton: you know, is is mapped so you could just fly straight. There you could stop at the city. You could
Tim Sackton: hide the ship and approach on foot, or in some other form on shapeshift or on
Tim Sackton: flight in some manner
Tim Sackton: But it's you know, the morning a few days later, as you arrive, and you can see the sort of dusty town of Argento, and the distance below you, and the
Tim Sackton: the sort of path into the mountains ahead.
Mike: Can we see the what's it called thunder?
Tim Sackton: Thunder, crown.
Mike: Thundercrown? Is there some obvious mountain.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So Riftstone Gorge is like around the spur of Thundercrown. Basically.
Tim Sackton: but yeah, I mean, it's visible probably a hundred miles. I mean, it's 1 of the taller mountains in the sort of northern part of the
Tim Sackton: of this mountain range.
Tim Sackton: It would stand out, it would be.
Tim Sackton: you know. Looking up from the
Tim Sackton: foothills of this mountain range, you could see the tallest peak, basically.
Tim Sackton: And it's not. I mean, the mountains are.
Tim Sackton: you know, steep. But there's a lot of
Tim Sackton: you know, these sort of canyons, and like rivers that that flow down mostly mostly dry at this time of year, because it's you know it's July or some. You're several months into the dry season.
Mike: Can we use our bastion.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yeah. Yeah. What do you want to do with your bastion?
Mike: I think we should get war about
Mike: What's what's the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But
Mike: Maybe maybe war about. We have 2. We have 2 different sources of of of information, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the thing the thing you really want to know about is the hydrogeology, because the obviously the
Eric Rosenbaum: silver veins are associated with the accompanying daylight deposition, and over time
Eric Rosenbaum: hot springs form. And the reason you see the silver in the street in the creek beds, and occasionally the Chey light is because they pass through
Eric Rosenbaum: underground chambers where those inclusions have been pushed upward by the natural processes over
Eric Rosenbaum: hundreds of years. I guess in this case
Eric Rosenbaum: J. Light doesn't form over millions of years.
Tim Sackton: No, nobody has actually figured out how chelate forms.
David S. Kong: Well, isn't that interesting? Can it be.
Tim Sackton: In the Ardonian Empire there are only 2 recorded deposits
Tim Sackton: in Volterra far to the north, and here.
Eric Rosenbaum: But for the top of the ridge.
Tim Sackton: The death ray is at the top of the ridge.
Mike: The chain light is under is under.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go through this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Beliefs that the Thunder Crown.
Eric Rosenbaum: Concentrates the the highest concentration of the tail. Light is near the ridge.
Tim Sackton: No, it's the it was in the caves beneath the
Tim Sackton: I took. I took a draft and I gave it to Chatgpt. And I said, make this sound like a sort of medieval arcane geologger. And it actually did a really nice job taking my draft into arcane Arcane geology. The R. Grasilian galleries beneath the large outcropping the locals call thundercron, supposed to be like
Tim Sackton: caves underneath thundercron.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So does that suggest like another way in that does not involve going past a deathroot cuddle beam.
Mike: The density of these inclusions increases with.
Mike: There's a there's a load beneath this, perhaps directly beneath thundercrowd as well.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's what I was saying. The proximity of the Axial Ridge. I thought that I took that to mean up top.
Tim Sackton: Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, but not but yes. So it's but it's underneath the.
Mike: I took that to mean proximity to the ridge under like it's not in the foothills. It's it's
Mike: concentrated along the primary ridge, but underground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Deep under oh.
Tim Sackton: Well, it might be relatively close to the surface.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's what I was wondering. Yeah.
Mike: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so all you have to do is sort of like, shoot some magical energy into the ground, and then it sparks.
Eric Rosenbaum: and if you have a cuddle bean.
Mike: So I think, on our bastion stuff. We should have.
Mike: Who who serves as the trophy room person?
Mike: Do we have any trophy room person? Other.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, or Omo.
Mike: Ammo.
Mike: Oh, yeah, because it's called the Hollow Stories. Okay? The. I think we should have Amel Research Stone Giants in general
Mike: from the in the.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Holla stories, and then I think we should have
David S. Kong: Remember. We can ask questions, too. We can do some.
Tim Sackton: You can do some divination, you can use contact. Other planes.
Mike: But there's another wait. Is it the library that lets us.
Tim Sackton: The library also lets you get information.
Mike: So we should get.
Tim Sackton: And wipes the archives.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Lets you get information.
Mike: So we should have somebody spend time in them.
Mike: Let's say, Willow, spend time in the map room to to see if anything about the
Mike: any additional information about Drumakir, the the giant
Mike: and and then Faldrick can work in the observatory or, yeah. The observatory is that the one that gives us hidden war.
Tim Sackton: The archives gives you hidden or.
Mike: Yeah. The archives. Right?
Tim Sackton: The observatory lets you cast contact unreclaimed.
Mike: Right. But also I can just do that.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: It's the archive that.
Tim Sackton: The archive lets you get hidden more.
Mike: Right.
Mike: So actually the hidden war should be we should we should get the. We should have the map room.
Tim Sackton: Jerry.
Mike: Maybe.
Tim Sackton: Pieces of information about stone giants.
Mike: I think the Map room. Can we get information about the about the Wike.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The actual way, like the yeah physical layout of the mountains, like the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Right, and then, and then legend lore on the on the on the
Mike: giant kick. Excuse me that right.
Tim Sackton: Drukmir legend, lore legend, lore.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then the Hall of Stories on stone jets.
Mike: Yes.
Mike: that fits everything like map room on the maps of stories on the giants, stone giants in general and legend war on Drupier, and then
Mike: separately can, can, can dealt with, create a demi plane.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: And get 85 temporary hip points.
Tim Sackton: Yep, seeker can do that, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can, which which bastion thing does that.
Tim Sackton: It's a new, it's it's a new level. 17 bastion, a demi plane that you get temporary points up to.
Tim Sackton: When is it?
Tim Sackton: 7 times your lab, 5 times your laptop.
Mike: Your level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Click.
Mike: It it? I mean it only lasts for 7 days.
Mike: so they're gone after 7 days, even if they don't get used. But
Mike: we'll do the long rest right. But yeah, we'll set it up for right before we go in.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: But the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pub and get our our yeah drink of bravery.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, whatever that one is.
Mike: Okay? And I could do 2
Mike: long rests. I could also get a sanctuary charm.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then Kenza needs to decide if he wants Kong.
Tim Sackton: Yes, for Akenzo's bastion you have to choose between
Tim Sackton: sparring and getting plus one d. 4. Damage for every unarmed strike, or meditating and getting advantage on 2 random types of saves.
David S. Kong: Advantage on saves.
Tim Sackton: Okay, roll. 2, d 6.
David S. Kong: That's the right move. Right? Guys.
Mike: I think so.
David S. Kong: I mean, damage is damage, but saves
David S. Kong: advantage on saves is the best. Okay, hold on. Let me get to roll 20.
Tim Sackton: It's 2 types of saves, and it's randomly determined.
David S. Kong: All like right now, is randomly determined.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Fuck.
Tim Sackton: So you know what you're good at.
David S. Kong: Okay, hold on, damn it, sorry.
David S. Kong: Give me one more second here. This is not.
Tim Sackton: And then any anything else, anybody doing anything else with bastions.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we are using the archive.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, archive for information about this stone giant that drook me, or that the legendary
Tim Sackton: king of some kind.
David S. Kong: So.
David S. Kong: Oh, hold on! I need to roll. What do you? What do you want me to roll, Tim?
Tim Sackton: 2D. 6. Don't add them. Just say what each number is, and reroll
Tim Sackton: the second one. If it's the same as the first.st
David S. Kong: Okay, so I need to do this in roll 20 role 2D. 6.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: I got a 1 and a 6.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that is advantage on strength and charisma.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, that's actually great.
Mike: Yeah, it would have been useless for decks, because I already have advantage on decks. Right? So.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you have advantage on decks, but strength is one of your worst saving throws. So that's a good way to get advantage on. Actually, those are. Those are literally, I think your 2 worst saving throws.
David S. Kong: Yes. Hell, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so and what is the sorry? What does the drink of bravery do?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Automatically succeed fear fright saving throws, I think.
Tim Sackton: For some numbers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 24 h.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you guys are gonna have to remember that you have that because I'll probably forget
Tim Sackton: Kong. I wrote down strength and charisma. So I'll try and remind you of that. But you got you all have to remember your immunity.
David S. Kong: That in my character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Not. Is there a way to do that?
Mike: Have to have a custom item.
David S. Kong: That's fine. I have a notes document that I.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so information. As you approach Argento.
Tim Sackton: the 1st thing that you get is information about the geology of the mountains and maps and explorations that have been done.
Tim Sackton: So this is the these mountains are the
Tim Sackton: almost directly south of here is Darba.
Tim Sackton: These are the border mountains between.
Tim Sackton: Here, let me see if I can alright
Tim Sackton: share my screen.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I bet I should just share a photographers.
Tim Sackton: These are the border mountains between. Sorry. Give me one sec. Here.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so these are the border mountains between Darba and Sorry, between Dunmar and Chardon.
Tim Sackton: So we're looking at this part of the world right here. These mountains.
Tim Sackton: Darva's here. Chardon's like right up here. And you've basically just flown across
Tim Sackton: this. You're at River Valley, where lizard folk live. And then across this unnamed river. Then this river is the silver flood that's mentioned in the notes.
Tim Sackton: and this is the city of Argento that was once a chelate, a major sort of chelate boom town, and now survives primarily on silver lining.
Tim Sackton: thunder crown is kind of right in the these are. These are very old mountains.
Tim Sackton: this is not so down here you have the Yvonte mountains that were uplifted at the end of the Great war, and are very like magically new.
Tim Sackton: But this has been mountainous, for.
Tim Sackton: as far as you know, ever.
Tim Sackton: And the
Tim Sackton: The sort of climatology and geology is such that on the south
Tim Sackton: there's monsoons that come across Dunmar in the summer, and so there's a lot of rain that falls here, and there's a lot of forests and waterfalls, and like
Tim Sackton: Rugged cliffs that drop down to the sea. Very
Tim Sackton: sharp peaks that fall off here. The northern frontier is basically a long, gradual, like slope down
Tim Sackton: into, but but quite dry. Right?
Tim Sackton: because you don't get the monsoons. You get some winter rain. This is all sort of Mediterranean climate, and so you've got a lot of like box canyons and things, a lot of like juniper and stuff, and as you go into the mountains none of these are super tall mountains. These aren't. These aren't like the
Tim Sackton: Like the sentinels, they're not.
Tim Sackton: They're not tall enough that they're snow covered this this far south at altitude or latitude. Right? This is this is
Tim Sackton: 20. This is like the subtropics here, I think?
Tim Sackton: No, that's this is like 30 to this. This line right here is like 30 degrees north. So this is like.
Tim Sackton: you know, southern south of San Francisco latitude, basically. And you've got, like, generally speaking, rolling gentle hills.
Tim Sackton: extending sort of this way with a few of these tall peaks. But this isn't. This is more.
Tim Sackton: you know, this is more sort of
Tim Sackton: not exactly Appalachians worn down, but these aren't like new sharp mountains right? And so there's lots of passes. There's lots of little little
Tim Sackton: ways you can walk. A lot of the mining that was done was was exactly like
Tim Sackton: surface mines near river outwashes and things like that. The.
Tim Sackton: you know, everything that you sort of can tell from maps suggests that.
Tim Sackton: you know there is not. This isn't like extensive limestone area. There's not huge amounts of caves or anything right?
Tim Sackton: you know. So it's not like there's a huge
Tim Sackton: there's not. There's probably not. From what you can tell from the map room a huge, like sort of underground cavern, complex. Here.
Mike: Can we understand the approaches to Thundercrown?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's fairly. That's fairly straightforward, like, there's
Tim Sackton: you know, there's sort of 2 main ways that you could, that you could approach from the
Tim Sackton: there's 2 yeah kind of valley.
Tim Sackton: river valleys, dry river valleys not only only run in during the more like washes than river valleys, but some little creeks and streams as well. It's it's not, it's not desert. It's just sort of arid
Tim Sackton: So there's like at least 2. There's sort of 2 approaches, the the basic layout that you understand of like Thunder Crown, Argento and the
Tim Sackton: the site of the I'm gonna stop this. And the site of the
Tim Sackton: of the Rift Stone Gorge. Disaster is
Tim Sackton: so Ripshore Gorge Gorge runs sort of behind, south of Thunder Crown
Tim Sackton: and curve, sort of to the west.
Tim Sackton: There are 2 easy approaches to Thundercron, one that comes from the west and kind of joins
Tim Sackton: the valley. That Ripstone Gorge is in
Tim Sackton: the other, comes from the east and approaches Slender's Crown from the exact opposite side of Riftstone Gorge.
Tim Sackton: Either one would be, you know.
Tim Sackton: 60 miles into the mountains from, you know, the
Tim Sackton: southernmost legionary fort in the province.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. 3 true facts about stone giants from the Hall of Stories. So stone giants are
Tim Sackton: by far the longest lived
Tim Sackton: of giants. In fact, nobody really knows their lifespan, but as they get older and older they tend to slow down, and many
Tim Sackton: stone giant settlements have large statues that are their ancestors that just slowly stopped and turned to stone.
Tim Sackton: But, unlike you know, most giants might have a lifespan. That's sort of on par with dwarves or a little shorter, like a few 100 years.
Tim Sackton: And store giants could
Tim Sackton: you know people claim can live 7, 800, maybe even a thousand years before they inevitably turn to stone.
Tim Sackton: Stone. Giants often measure themselves. They are
Tim Sackton: among the giant kinds, the ones most interested, and
Tim Sackton: some would say, obsessed with art and sculpture.
Tim Sackton: Not that they care much for like painting or other sort of ephemeral arts, as they would consider them, but
Tim Sackton: artisans, particularly stone workers, are greatly prized.
Tim Sackton: And they tend to be very insular in some ways, like they're not problem
Tim Sackton: storm giants, you know, might be raging, you know, ranging across the world, exploring. And, you know, taking visitors and things. Stone giant communities are insular and inward looking and sort of focused on their art. This is the
Tim Sackton: obviously, not everybody.
Tim Sackton: Not every stone giant is the same. But this is the kind of stereotype and they are.
Tim Sackton: let's see, with another useful fact.
David S. Kong: Hall grar was a stone giant, right.
Tim Sackton: Storm, Giant Storm.
David S. Kong: Storm Giant Stunning.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and then.
David S. Kong: Dr. Cod was.
Tim Sackton: He was a a stoneborn.
David S. Kong: Stoneborn. What's the difference between a stoneborn and a stone giant?
Tim Sackton: A stoneborn is like a way smaller. They're like 7 feet tall. Humanoids. Giants are 25 foot tall
Tim Sackton: giants.
David S. Kong: It's like death, ray versus cuddle beam. It's like a little.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly. And then so last last useful thing. They are out.
Tim Sackton: They are probably the the least common among the giant kind, like frost giants. Fire giants.
Tim Sackton: you know. Hill giants are all pretty common.
Tim Sackton: Stone giants are.
Tim Sackton: you know, even cloud giants, which you know often are also mountain giants living, you know, high up in the tops of mountains.
Tim Sackton: Stone giants are the the
Tim Sackton: sort of most reclusive and least well understood of the giant kind and rarest from the point of view of humans, although whether there's giant stone giant cities underneath
Tim Sackton: hidden mountains, you know, nobody knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their history of dwarven encounters with stone giants or alliances.
Eric Rosenbaum: Collaborations.
Tim Sackton: Yes, although again, stone giants tend to be like dwarves, would be more likely to encounter like fire giants or cloud giants or storm giants.
Tim Sackton: cloud and storm giants tend to be sort of like dwarfs, you know, on the top of mountains, right like
Tim Sackton: storm giants in particular, like the classic sort of giant mount, you know, mountain palace like.
Tim Sackton: and fire giants are often the ones who are sort of the smiths and the forgers, and the sort of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You know, completely underground stone giants are reclusive.
Tim Sackton: So there's many fewer stories about stone giants and dwarves than about
Tim Sackton: fire giants. Frost giants tend to be pretty obsessed with.
Tim Sackton: you know, war, and so sometimes that can make good alliances, sometimes that puts them in conflict with dwarves. But fire, cloud and storm. Giants are like the ones who supposedly taught dwarves about running magic back in the day. And things like that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, finally.
David S. Kong: So one other quick question do we know about like storm giant like like governance like their society? Is there like one like Storm giant king that like rules over everybody or like what's what's the society.
Tim Sackton: Clients almost never live in groups of larger than 20
Tim Sackton: like, it's almost impossible to feed more than 20 giants in one place, anyway, so they they rarely have anything that you would consider
Tim Sackton: governance, I mean, the exception was like brim scarda, right like
Tim Sackton: rule, was a king effectively ruled a kingdom, but that was a much bigger kingdom, and included lots of non-giant people in it, and it was kind of set up as a
Tim Sackton: protect you against dragon's kingdom.
Tim Sackton: So that was a little bit unusual as far as giants go, is the sort of Brimsgarta kingdom
Tim Sackton: up in the North.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, drukmere, legendary stories of droop mirror.
Tim Sackton: so you you have one in the in the collected tales of Sebastian of neviam
Tim Sackton: in the notes. The druk mirror. Your, you know legend lore tells you you know this is a
Tim Sackton: this is somebody who's turned his back on stone giants.
Tim Sackton: You know, in the sense that very much not what you would think of as a you know.
Tim Sackton: traditional stone giant, and is has built a
Tim Sackton: Drukmir became obsessed with the power that shay light could provide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, he made the thing.
Tim Sackton: He made the death ray and sought to substitute worship of
Tim Sackton: power of chelite for traditional stone. Giant society.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Rumor says that he has
Tim Sackton: studded himself with so much chelite that he can grow to be 50 foot tall
Tim Sackton: and smash people with his giant crystal club.
Mike: We just have to point the death ray at him, and he'll just die instant.
David S. Kong: Strength, saving, throw.
Mike: It's it's attracted to Cheli.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David S. Kong: What's attracted to Cheylete? Oh, Death Ray! The death.
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree.
Mike: Cuddle the cuddle, beak.
Tim Sackton: Cattle, Bean.
Mike: The cuddle beam really likes to, you know, cuddle with J. Light.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, wait. Wait. So so what's our plan?
Tim Sackton: That's a good question.
David S. Kong: Are we? So let's let's review. Let's review the highlights of what we know and understand about the situation
David S. Kong: dealt with.
David S. Kong: What? What's what's up. What do we know?
Mike: Well
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, wait a day.
Mike: Woke up at 5 this morning.
Mike: We know that the mountain giants, I think. I guess that this King Dude is still around, and he's
Mike: enslaving his mountain giant patriots beat his obsession with this Chey white
Mike: false god, right that he uses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jeffrey.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, because of that. This is not a situation for negotiation.
Eric Rosenbaum: No. Instead, we exploit the one critical weakness.
David S. Kong: Which is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, Dallas, which is what.
David S. Kong: Critical week. The critical week is.
Mike: Is that his death rate.
Mike: the the cuddle party is actually the cuddle ray is is powered by the other giants right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike: But I don't think they want to be powered.
Eric Rosenbaum: But also there's something about this giant tea light lance
Eric Rosenbaum: has to be suspended by these.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beams of lightning, so presumably could be destroyed by just making it fall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What what if we avoid the cuddle beam altogether
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like? What if the goal is just? Don't, don't even go near the cuddle beam and and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like kill him in the next room, over.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I think it has pretty good range. That's my impression
Eric Rosenbaum: of like destroying whole large legions of that's fine
Eric Rosenbaum: large fractions of armies all at once. It's like a
Eric Rosenbaum: we could. We could sneak in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like. Maybe there's a blind spot I don't know. Directly under it we could find out.
Mike: I think we start a revolution
Mike: amongst the giants against their king.
Eric Rosenbaum: There, there you go! So we have to dress up as giants.
Mike: We'll just stand on each other's.
David S. Kong: We just stand on each other and then wear a big cloak that I've seen that work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Mike: And, like the 4 of us, add up a giant right.
David S. Kong: That literally works, that that works perfectly. Actually a state.
Tim Sackton: Not not quite actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Mike: We're like, no, we're like 10 feet too short.
Tim Sackton: I eat
Tim Sackton: seekers like 4 feet. So that's 7 feet, even though, like Kenzo, are both 6 feet. That's only 19 feet. You're about.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Tim Sackton: Too short. You're like one and a half persons too short.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, we put a ladder in the middle.
David S. Kong: Of course. See, see.
Mike: Plus.
David S. Kong: This is why you're the Cm. You're not a PC. Tim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't even need us. We just put the clothes on the ladder.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: This is. This is just the ladder. We just extend the ladder 50 feet, and then we're we're we're.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's in principle. Could we make a simulacrum of a giant.
Tim Sackton: Yes, but you need to. You need to be touching them and
Tim Sackton: expect they need to be willing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Can we make us? Can we make a simulacrum of Ralgar?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean he is now a storm.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no! Sorry! It has to be a beast or humanoid.
Mike: Oh! A giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it can't be a journey.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A giant.
Mike: The giant.
Tim Sackton: Giant.
Mike: Oh then.
Tim Sackton: Not a humanoid.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: What if we find a giant that identifies as a humanoid.
Tim Sackton: They would be much smaller than a giant.
David S. Kong: Glad you like that one, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta call you guys. I gotta.
David S. Kong: Oh, man!
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to give Avery a bottle pretty soon, and then.
David S. Kong: We like. It's not the same without seekers, insights.
Eric Rosenbaum: Play more, you guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good luck with the beam.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stay away from it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll text you if we all die.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Good. Luck.
David S. Kong: Hi, Eric, good night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks, guys. Bye-bye.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like.
David S. Kong: Okay in all, in all seriousness to summarize. So what's the difference? So there's the source of chelate, which is like
David S. Kong: where it's just like buried in the it's on the mountain ridge, or whatever it's like the the actual.
Mike: And somewhere, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, so there's there's the source of it. Then there's the death ray. So what's the deal? What's the relationship between the death ray and the source of the cheli, and then the the this stone giant Guy.
David S. Kong: Do we understand the dynamic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Giant Guy controls the death ray.
David S. Kong: You control.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): X-ray doesn't seem to be powered by the buried che leg. It seems to be powered by like the life energy of the people around it, giants around it.
David S. Kong: Of the giants around it. Okay. Has he used the death ray.
Mike: Yeah, he killed a whole. He he defeated 3 legions of Chardonian legionnaires by shooting the death ramp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With without breaking a sweat.
David S. Kong: Is this like an ancient weapon, or like current weapon, or like? Has he had it? For, like.
Tim Sackton: Well, the implication from legends are, is he made it? But
Tim Sackton: but probably not like, you know, this is like a few 100. This all the Legion. The the battle was in 1715, so that was like 30 years ago.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, has it been used prior to that.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
David S. Kong: Okay, where are the the plans to this? This cuddle beam ray are are the.
Mike: Does that have an exhaust board.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Is there? Is there an architect that made the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is the reactor? Module, situation.
David S. Kong: Where's the shaft that goes directly to the the core of the death ray?
Mike: I think the reactor module is the giants.
Mike: and we have to find a way to decouple them from the from the ray.
David S. Kong: Okay, let's let's do some augury. Let's let's what we we did. We did. We just do like a deep research on this, like, we just sent the
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know what a great yes or no question would be? Is like something like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have decent odds of success if we don't destroy the death ray.
David S. Kong: I like this, I like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because the question here is like, Do we have to destroy the death ray before we can take out the giant? Or can we sidestep the death ray and take him out.
David S. Kong: Good question. I like that.
David S. Kong: So you're gonna contact other plane.
Mike: Now that we're gonna augury, if we attempt to.
Tim Sackton: Well, augury is only something you're doing in the next 30 min.
Mike: Ow.
David S. Kong: What I thought I had some yes or no questions that are more like.
Mike: Well, that's that was can contact other plane. I can. I can ask botanji.
Mike: That's fine.
Tim Sackton: That's but that doesn't. That's not divination. It doesn't give you information about the future.
Mike: Right.
David S. Kong: I can cast augury at will, but.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but you gotta. It has to be more immediate. You can't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: To plan like tomorrow. But like when you get close to the when you get close and you see what's going on, you can ask.
David S. Kong: I see.
Tim Sackton: Should we just go fight him right now.
David S. Kong: I can ask you like like, literally right now, like, do I want to order pizza, or like a salmon bowl for dinner, and it can be like, okay.
Tim Sackton: Exactly. Yeah, yeah. It's like, it's.
David S. Kong: Help me meal. Plan for the next month.
Tim Sackton: The point is, you can't use it to get information so far in advance that you can then make plans based on that information. It's more of a like we're here now. Is this a bad idea?
David S. Kong: And and what was but but the contact or the plans? We can ask more along.
Mike: That's yes.
Tim Sackton: You can ask 5 yes or no questions, but but they the time. She cannot see the future.
Tim Sackton: So you can't ask about something that's going to happen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who, we could ask like, is it is it reasonable to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kill the giant without disabling the death ray like? Is that a question about the future.
Tim Sackton: So just confirm.
Mike: Confirm all our theories. I mean, we could ask, is such and such alive is.
Mike: is he? Is he imprisoning? I mean, it might be useful to just.
Tim Sackton: So right. So so, sitting around
Tim Sackton: you know, projects listening. And he's like
Tim Sackton: He sort of laughs.
Tim Sackton: I know that you're all like more powerful and smarter than me.
Tim Sackton: But when has it ever made sense to go into battle with a death ray hanging above you.
David S. Kong: So you're.
Tim Sackton: Why are we trying to not destroy about this for a minute?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because it would be simpler if we didn't have to. But it sounds like we have to.
Tim Sackton: But but it's a that.
Mike: What's wrong with the plan of starting a revolution amongst the giants and having them break free from their entrapment with the death ray. So it doesn't have any power anymore.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, if they haven't done it yet, I mean.
Mike: Well, they can't, can't do it on their own.
David S. Kong: Don't. Don't let
David S. Kong: point. What? What if we cause? Okay, can we ask, actually, okay, can we understand more about the relationship between like, is there an enslavement relationship
David S. Kong: cut like?
David S. Kong: Let's ask.
Mike: I'm gonna cast contact other planes.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike: The 1st question I'm going to ask is, is king? Is drush just whatever.
Tim Sackton: From here.
Mike: Jukemere enslaving other giants in the chatter notes.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Maybe we can ask them to if the if the enslaved giants would be receptive to help in.
Mike: I mean, sure, but like, has any slave ever not wanted to kill their master?
David S. Kong: Right.
David S. Kong: They're mind controlled. They may not.
David S. Kong: Yeah, exactly.
Mike: Understand.
David S. Kong: Are they actively receptive to like help right now? Like, if we were to contact them.
Mike: Right? It's
Mike: yeah. We could ask that, are are they? But I'm trying to think, is there a way? But it's yes, no. So I can't ask like
Mike: what's causing them to stay enslaved.
David S. Kong: Well, but I think I think if we act, ask them if, like they're cause we know they're enslaved. But
David S. Kong: we we want to know if it's safe for us.
Mike: Are, are they? Are they able?
Mike: Are they able to act
Mike: of their own free will, of their free will? Yeah, are the giants like.
Tim Sackton: As far as we can see.
Mike: What else do we.
David S. Kong: So they're enslaved, but they can act on their free will. That's weird.
Mike: But I mean the mechanism of enslavement might be.
David S. Kong: I think you should ask to. If if it's like, yeah, if we reached out, would they be receptive to us?
Mike: It.
David S. Kong: You know.
Mike: Do the giant?
Mike: Are the enslaved giants necessary for the violent violet lance to function.
David S. Kong: Don't we know the answer to? That's yes already.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are we gonna.
Mike: Have questions. Let's confirm it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a good one.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: The the response you get is
Tim Sackton: giants? Yes, the enslaved ones. Not necessarily.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Are there free giants in the mountains, as well.
Mike: That was 4 right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: So I mean
David S. Kong: Oh, we need to find out the relationship between the free giants and slave giants.
Mike: Yeah, I'm trying to think of how to do that. What's a good? Yes, I mean.
Mike: somehow, we want to find out if, like, why have like? The question we really want to know is, why haven't the giants revolted? Right?
Mike: Well, I think it should. We ask ask? You're receptive to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, would they be willing?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: would they? Would? The.
Mike: I guess. Yeah, we could. Just are the are the enslaved giants.
Mike: How do I want to phrase this? Should we ask if they're if they're we're
Mike: seeking freedom, actively interested in seeking freedom.
Mike: willing for a non-giant, willing to follow a non-giant and interest of the I'm not sure what exactly to ask.
Mike: I guess we could just ask, are they recept? Would they be receptive to an armed uprising?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It.
Mike: And Jeff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would they be not just armed uprising, but like to to depose or drive out the the cheylek Guy.
Mike: With the with the enslaved giants, aid us in deposing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike: Through Khmer.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps under the right circumstances.
David S. Kong: Cool.
David S. Kong: So let's engage in some giant subterfuge. We should make contact with the giants stuffily.
Mike: So the next question is, do we just sneak in and see what's going on, and try and count on
Mike: invisibility and other forms of stealth cannot be found.
David S. Kong: Clairvoyance.
David S. Kong: Let's let's do a little of that 1st with seeker.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you gotta get to within a mile.
David S. Kong: Tim. Tenza does. Just how far are we right now?
Tim Sackton: Right now, you're like, well, currently, I think the skyship has stopped sort of
Tim Sackton: 1015 miles from the
Tim Sackton: town of Argento, which is still like 70 80 miles, say 70, 75 miles from
Tim Sackton: From Thunder Crown and the Riffstone Gorge.
Mike: Is it worth.
David S. Kong: You know what I can do. As of being 17th level, I can now be an astral being. I can like go and float into the
David S. Kong: mountain and pass through stuff for an hour. That's pretty cool.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Is it worth stopping in the town? Probably not. I'm trying to think if there's anything we'd find in the.
David S. Kong: Tim, I will also start to use my ability to sense beings. I want to start like really honing in on on stone giant energy. And once we get as we get closer, I want to start trying to figure out exactly how many stone giants there are. They're probably like, yeah, for stone giants are probably so like intense and discreet. I hope I should be able to pick out like the exact number.
Tim Sackton: You're you're a bit far away right now you have to be with, I think, what? Like some 5 times your level, or something like that?
Tim Sackton: No, 3 times your level, it should say, on your character.
David S. Kong: As we get close. This is what.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Is working on, though he's like kind of tuning into stone giant energy. And as that's that's his focus as we get closer
David S. Kong: 34 miles.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, so right, so twice, twice, your level number of miles. So once you get within, you know, in that
Tim Sackton: that range. Yeah, you can.
Mike: So are we gonna go on foot or on Vintagerna.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey? I don't like the idea of Bindra Sharna meets Death ray.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I agree we we should. We should.
David S. Kong: What's the what's the range on the death rate? Do we know.
Tim Sackton: You don't know.
Mike: You know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should, we should know roughly how far away the legions were when they got.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, so it's not. It's not, you know.
Tim Sackton: it's not miles. It's like, you know, hundreds of yards.
Tim Sackton: or maybe a thousand yards, but it's not like 10 miles.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It would probably be safe to take Vintagerna within like a 20 mile radius. But Fodrick's a bit nervous about taking it closer to that.
David S. Kong: Fine 20 miles is fine.
David S. Kong: How long does fly? Last?
David S. Kong: Plan and visibility.
Tim Sackton: Not long enough to get you 20 miles.
David S. Kong: Oh, we can teleport that.
Tim Sackton: You can teleport, or you can animal shape.
Tim Sackton: or you can just walk like you know, peasants.
David S. Kong: No, no way. We're 17th level. We can't. We can't walk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not possible!
Mike: Or we could rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: Or you could. Rainbow Bridge. That's a little visible.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to do that stealthily, because it creates a giant rainbow bridge.
David S. Kong: Yeah. The rainbow bridgeness of the Rainbow Bridge. Is not that great.
Mike: So are we trying to just sneak close to Thunderclap.
David S. Kong: What's what's the range of clinical clairvoyance.
Tim Sackton: Mile.
Mike: But can't seeker double it a couple times.
Tim Sackton: He can safely get it to. Well, not safely. He can double it like
Tim Sackton: you can get 16 miles pretty achievably. More than that.
Tim Sackton: I think he runs out of charges.
Mike: Right? Okay.
David S. Kong: So why don't we get? Why don't we get closer and then, like, do some clairvoyance? Send some animals in there? You know what I mean like, let's see what the fuck is going on. We gotta do some. We need to do some reconnaissance.
David S. Kong: We got to execute our finely tuned reconnaissance game which we execute every adventure. When we want to do something like this.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you fly another.
Tim Sackton: You know 3 h into the foothills and into the mountains.
Tim Sackton: and find a safe place to Park Vintagerna out of sight, maybe, say 20 miles from Brithstone Gorge.
Tim Sackton: at which point you're well within range for Kenzo to extend out his consciousness.
Tim Sackton: So you can sense
Tim Sackton: the, you know the the mountains and hills are are not particularly occupied except for this one spot.
Tim Sackton: presumably Riftstone Gorge, where there are 18 giants and many hundreds of smaller creatures.
Mike: Smaller creatures, like smaller sentient creatures, are like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: But you're specifically focusing on giants. So you just get not giants.
Mike: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: One other thing you sense is that at least a couple of the giants have
Tim Sackton: like you can. You can feel that there's this
Tim Sackton: sort of vibrating dark energy around them
Tim Sackton: power, but also it feels unnatural.
David S. Kong: What feels unnatural.
Tim Sackton: 2 of the giants have this sort of vibrating dark power in their auras that feels unnatural.
David S. Kong: Cool
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we make contact with other giants in the mountains? Try to understand more of the situation.
Mike: There are other giants in the mountains. We don't know if they are.
David S. Kong: Well, the 18 giants we don't know like, so wait! Are the 2 dark energies.
Tim Sackton: They're all in one place.
David S. Kong: 18.
Tim Sackton: Yeah part of the 18. And all the giants are in one place. They're not like spread out. They're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, there's not other. There's no other colonies of giants elsewhere. Oh, I misunderstood.
Mike: And not not within 34 miles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright!
Mike: Let's let's find out these.
Mike: Let's let's meet one of these other creatures.
David S. Kong: Well, let's just first, st let's do some clairvoyance right? And like, kind of scout out the like. Let's send some animals in and do some like mapping. Yeah, like the of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A great call, so I can grab a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): falcon and send them that way.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Yeah, it's probably more efficient to get a little bit closer before you do any scouting.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's 20 miles is a little far away to do clairvoyance.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's get closer.
David S. Kong: Let's leave Vintagerna, and then let's.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Should we? Should we shapeshift into some some things, and get close to ourselves.
Mike: We just what's wrong with walking.
David S. Kong: Fine. Let's walk. We can walk.
Mike: It'll take a little bit of time, but, like.
David S. Kong: We're not in a room.
Tim Sackton: It's a nice, I mean, it's a nice day. It's like 8 in the. It's 8 in the morning.
David S. Kong: Fine, cool. I am fine.
Tim Sackton: You know you can walk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smash! Catch us walking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby says to Kentuck, Kentuck, this is how we used to get everywhere.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's true.
David S. Kong: Everywhere we wanted to go just slightly levitates above the ground just to like avoid. You know.
David S. Kong: it's like slightly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sleep.
David S. Kong: Above, above, you know.
Tim Sackton: It takes you till mid afternoon to get within. I don't know how close do you want to get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Mike: They're like, what's the actual way of the land like.
Tim Sackton: So right now you're fall, I mean. So right now, the easiest thing to do is just follow this this valley that curves around Thundercrown and
Tim Sackton: becomes Riftstone Gorge like you can see the bulk of Thundercrown ahead of you, and actually you can, like every now and then you like, hear faintly in the distance like a roll of thunder, although there's no storm clouds in the sky.
Mike: And is there other peaks nearby like, I mean, is there other.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There's, I mean, there's.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's other peaks, although Thundercloud is the biggest. And you're and you're following sort of a like. If you go out of this valley you can. You can go up and over another peak and then come around the backside of Thundercloud. But that's that will take you a lot longer, because then you're like
Tim Sackton: difficult terrain like have to go
Tim Sackton: ascend up over the rocks. You're exposed.
Tim Sackton: just, you know kind of following this dry. This wide, dry wash is by far the
Tim Sackton: fastest way to approach.
Tim Sackton: This is presumably how the Legion approached.
Mike: Right and just don't really want to repeat the Legion's mistakes.
Mike: But let's keep going, for now.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So again, how far do you wanna get
Tim Sackton: like, where do you stop and do clairvoyance and animal scouting.
Mike: Let's do animal scouting 1st at like 10 or 12 miles.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So so you walk, you walk for, say, you know.
Tim Sackton: cop 2 and a half, 3 h, something like that. You cover 10 miles.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: around noon a little afternoon. It's it's starting to get. It's getting hot right? I mean, it's the middle of summer. Sun's beating down, although you're
Tim Sackton: at some elevation, and there's some shade from the sort of sides of this river valley, so
Tim Sackton: it's not too bad you pull out.
Tim Sackton: Are you pulling something from your hat, or just no, I'll call out, Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, if I can.
Mike: It's hot, I'll just, you know, create a breeze occasionally.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: We're not gonna.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Mike: Comfortable. Here a little cool mist appears.
Tim Sackton: You send. So you find that I mean there's plenty of there's there's vultures, there's the occasional hawk flying by. Vultures can travel far and are pretty
Tim Sackton: assuming on the wing, so
Tim Sackton: lured on a vulture with a little bit of food. No, no reason to roll.
Tim Sackton: because you can't fail checks and beast! Telepathy with it. And
Tim Sackton: you're you're just going to do your beast riding thing so you can see from its eyes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I think that makes sense.
Tim Sackton: So the the vulture takes off and soars, following this valley.
Tim Sackton: And as you do as you you know what after about
Tim Sackton: 8 miles. So about 2 min before the
Tim Sackton: 2 miles before the beginning of the
Tim Sackton: you know where you think this this thing is. It curves around the valley sort of curves around and begins to go up. Ascend up a little bit the the
Tim Sackton: the shoulder of Thundercrown and
Tim Sackton: you fly into an area that is somehow overcast, even though nothing else is. And you see
Tim Sackton: a tower connected by chains of lightning to the
Tim Sackton: thunder crown on one side and the other an adjacent peak on the other, floating
Tim Sackton: in the air above. What looks like a giant open pit mine, with a road
Tim Sackton: that spirals down the outside, and giant sized cluster of houses around the outside of this pit mine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is so much worse than expected.
Tim Sackton: What look like dozens of ogres being driven by other ogres with chains, hauling stone, giant sort of
Tim Sackton: wagons filled with ore. Up the
Tim Sackton: ramp around the outside of this open pit mine you can hear the constant peal of rolling thunder
Tim Sackton: coming from the lightning that's connecting the tower to the mountains.
Tim Sackton: And you see, I mean, you can see the occasional giant sort of
Tim Sackton: strolling around the outside of the settlement. There's 1 giant that seems to be on
Tim Sackton: board on patrol, just kind of walking around a sort of perimeter in the valley, but not really paying much attention to what's going on.
Tim Sackton: There are a couple more giants kind of sitting on the edge of the pit, I mean. They tower over the ogres. The ogres are maybe 8 9 feet tall. The giants are 25 feet tall and different shades of stone. There's some that are marble. There's some that are like dark basalt. You see one strolling across sort of purposefully towards towards the road, down into the mine that seems to be
Tim Sackton: have almost like a crown of purple gemstones, sort of embedded in its head.
Tim Sackton: and then it's almost like there's purple, you know, veins sort of a purple gems growing down its arms and grown into it sort of stone skin somehow.
Tim Sackton: 15.
Tim Sackton: At the center of this big open pit mine. There's a that there's a
Tim Sackton: like a big dome
Tim Sackton: over like there's there's shafts leading down into mines, but there's also like a big sort of dome over the
Tim Sackton: over something opaque dome. The the pit itself is maybe 50 feet deep.
Tim Sackton: But then there's shafts that lead
Tim Sackton: different directions, and some leading down.
Mike: And what are the ogres doing.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Mike: Medial vapor.
Tim Sackton: Yes, they're mining.
Tim Sackton: They're they're like dragging mine carts full of ore.
Mike: Trail. 8, we tell.
Tim Sackton: I think it's hard for the vulture to tell from this distance, but one would presume.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Really bad. taking a look again to see like what is the pattern of guards. So it sounds like there's not many like guards. People are not coming in and out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so if we're going to like stealth, our way in, it would be relatively straightforward to do that, probably. But.
Tim Sackton: The only thing the only person you see who. Well, giant, you see, who's acting at all like a guard is
Tim Sackton: a sort of boss basalt giant with like dark basalt
Tim Sackton: skin, who is kind of meandering around the outside. There's a there's like a living area. There's a like a series of sort of small houses with a pen in the back that has giant goats and giant geese
Tim Sackton: like geese that are 8, 9 foot tall, and goats that are
Tim Sackton: you know, 12 foot long.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): New objective. Liberate the pets.
Tim Sackton: And there's like giants. There's a few giants that seem to be tending, you know, tending to the
Tim Sackton: for the goats and the and the geese. There's
Tim Sackton: you know, this is a this is like a functional small village.
Tim Sackton: Although it's not obvious what they eat.
David S. Kong: That when I was doing my awareness thing and the 18 giants are the 18 giants in this area, or are they
David S. Kong: got it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's a big valley.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Some giants might be in the massive lightning tower hanging in the middle of the valley.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but I've got decent, like spatial location with my thing like, where? Where are they? Scattered in this valley?
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean they're all in this village or in the Tower. You don't. You don't have like a radar that pings you exactly where they are. But okay, okay,
Tim Sackton: they're not.
Tim Sackton: This is, this is a small contained settlement.
David S. Kong: This. How big is this is like a couple of miles, or how big is this this area?
Tim Sackton: Well, everything's giant size, so it's bigger than you might expect, like a small farmhouse, for a giant is, you know, 60 foot long.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: So I don't know. It's probably a mile. It's probably a mile across.
Tim Sackton: The pit is not very deep, but it's fairly big.
Tim Sackton: right, like a giant could practically just climb out of the pit. But the ogres are much smaller, and so they have to go off the ramp. The shots are obviously much deeper.
Tim Sackton: The whole village, including the mine, is probably no more than a mile across.
David S. Kong: Should we do clairvoyance on tower?
David S. Kong: Once get, once we get closer.
Mike: We're only.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you.
Mike: We're only what like 8 miles.
Mike: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, get her?
Mike: First.st
Tim Sackton: Get a get, you know, a couple miles closer. You could easily hit the tower with clairvoyance.
David S. Kong: Let's do that.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Seeker has seeker has to roll. Let me just double check deal. There.
David S. Kong: Look ominous and all, okay, okay, what about this? What about this
David S. Kong: we learn about? Oh, we also have the mirror, too. Remember, let's I don't know if we can find something interesting for the mirror, but
Tim Sackton: You do have a charge in the mirror.
Mike: The death threat.
Mike: Once we to kill.
David S. Kong: We need to grab a piece of the death ray.
Tim Sackton: 3 charges.
David S. Kong: To then, because, okay, information, somebody rolling.
Tim Sackton: So I'm gonna roll A. D. 20 for seeker.
David S. Kong: Is high, good or low, good.
Tim Sackton: High is good. It's like
Tim Sackton: You need to.
David S. Kong: 15.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's fine. Okay? So that's clairvoyance works.
David S. Kong: Great so, guys, just before the Clarence happens.
David S. Kong: what we really need to learn about is like some of the psychology of the stone giant king like in particular like? Is he lonely? Is he depressed? Did he want to start a family, and wasn't able to? Does he have, like some kind of like long, you know, some like love interest that we're not aware of, because I think, like us going into open combat is going to be tough. But what if we like.
David S. Kong: you know, do like kind of more classic like, get him to fall in love with like a weird female storm giant, and then, like, you know, poison
David S. Kong: and sleep.
Tim Sackton: Maybe he wants a sky ship.
David S. Kong: No, but we're not giving him a skyshape. That's not. That's not how this works. We just we're gonna subtly poison him instead of like, you know, facing him, head on. You know what I mean, because I think we'll die if we do that. The head-on thing that feels hard.
Mike: I thought we were going to get the Giants to revolt.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a great giants to revolt and then poison.
David S. Kong: No, no direct fighting.
Mike: If we destroy the death ray, I think we could take him.
David S. Kong: Yeah with the ship.
David S. Kong: Let's do clear voice. What happens.
Tim Sackton: So where are you aiming to put clairvoyance.
Mike: Where all those lightning beeps are coming out. Think right.
Tim Sackton: The top floor.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Actually, Tim, I'll try to focus in on the tower, like, just like, you know, just density, like, where where are most of the giants in there.
Tim Sackton: So again. It's not really. You don't get like a.
Tim Sackton: Most of the giants are not in the tower.
David S. Kong: But are any giants in the Tower.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's some, but it's like no more than a 5.th
David S. Kong: Yeah, but we try to guide the clairvoyance. So we can see some giants. We want to see the giants and what they're doing ideally.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, I mean, so top top of the tower.
David S. Kong: If that's where my sense of where the.
Tim Sackton: Well again like it, doesn't. It doesn't give you like a a radar ping. It just gives you like a general sort of
Tim Sackton: a vibe, right? So you you probably can't narrow down to what floor of the tower are the giants on
Tim Sackton: it? It'll tell you that there's giants in the Tower.
David S. Kong: Does the vulture see lightning bolts coming out of a specific place?
Tim Sackton: You're muted, Schwartz.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can the vulture see him through any of the windows of the tower?
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: So okay, this is not like completely a hundred percent accurate. There's only windows on the top. There's actually there's windows. And there's actually 2 sort of like landing platforms.
Tim Sackton: anchor platforms on the top floor. There are no
Tim Sackton: windows on any of the bottom floors.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. Let's look in the top floor. Then.
Tim Sackton: The vulture is gonna like, fly the vultures. You're gonna have to make an animal handling check to get it to fly close to the hour like that's like a very hard animal handling check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Believe.
Tim Sackton: The tower is like basically surrounded by lightning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I feel bad. I can't make a vulture do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can make my bats, who die every single time. Do that. But it's a.
Tim Sackton: yeah, so you can't like the lightning, actually, like as you as the vulture kind of soars above the tower, not getting too close to lightning, you actually see, like the lightning is almost.
Tim Sackton: It's actually kind of shooting out of these landing platforms. And it looks like it actually descends down
Tim Sackton: through the middle of the tower
Tim Sackton: to like charge a death way or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, so should we clear glance the top floor of the tower, then.
David S. Kong: I think so.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you look at the top floor of the tower.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: okay. So
Tim Sackton: you you can see as the clairvoyance eye appears, and and seeker looks out and starts describing what he sees.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: the lightning actually like, once you get closer, actually, you can. Or from this clairvoyance thing you can actually see that the lightning is not
Tim Sackton: directly coming through these.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: open platforms is actually sort of running a bit along the roof right above where the open platforms are. Then it coalesces at the top, and as you look in to this top floor you can see that there's a giant column of purple lightning that descends, that goes up to the roof, and then descends down through the middle of the tower. There are 2 giants
Tim Sackton: standing, both sort of with a sort of pale, almost granite, like skin.
Tim Sackton: That are kind of sitting on giant sized chairs, just kind of idly leaning. One's got a a giant stone, a giant stone club that he or she is kind of just filling with the other.
Tim Sackton: has like a what must be a boulder. But in this
Tim Sackton: hands of a giant looks kind of, you know, almost like a baseball or a basketball. It just kind of
Tim Sackton: tossing a rock. They look. They look kind of bored.
Tim Sackton: Just sitting there, and there's stairs that go down.
Tim Sackton: Everything is is huge, right like the inside of this tower is probably one.
Tim Sackton: It's probably a hundred feet by a hundred feet, and the from floor to ceiling. It's probably 60 feet from floor to ceiling.
Tim Sackton: The stairs are enormous, like each step is a is like well be sized
Tim Sackton: so to for well be to go down the stairs. It's like jump, grab, pull yourself up. It's about 3 feet from one step to the next step.
Tim Sackton: But other than the sort of 2 giants the lightning pillar and
Tim Sackton: The steps going down there does not appear to be much else in the top floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's not like controls. There's not like a big lever in the middle like.
Tim Sackton: Not on this floor, I mean the lightning
Tim Sackton: pillar of lightning goes down towards the bottom of the tower.
Mike: We like find an ogre, and talk to them.
Tim Sackton: I mean, yeah, you can.
Mike: You know what I mean?
Tim Sackton: Sure and attempt whatever you'd like to attempt.
Mike: No, I know I'm not asking you. I'm asking.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Or should we like become invisible, and try and just sneak in closer.
David S. Kong: So sorry, guys, I missed. What do we see in the tower?
Tim Sackton: 2 giants and a pillar of lightning that seems to go down towards a lower floor.
Mike: And these giants seem like bored guards right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: But stone giants, like huge.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Huge. 25 foot tall granite skin stone giants, one playing with a stone club, the other idly tossing a boulder into the air.
Mike: We don't know what they're guarding.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seeger makes careful, careful note of the room in preparation for teleporting there at some point.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Totally.
Mike: That was
Mike: when you do an augury and find out if teleporting into the room would be a terrible idea.
David S. Kong: Oh, there you go! Yeah, I do that, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Would teleporting into the room be a terrible idea.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
David S. Kong: Bad idea.
Tim Sackton: what's the augury for?
Tim Sackton: It's certainly not the worst of all possible ideas you could do in this moment.
David S. Kong: Not the worst idea well given. Given our larger goal.
David S. Kong: Given our larger goal of of you know, wanting to take over this region as a source of chelate that you know we can then control.
David S. Kong: Given that.
Tim Sackton: Not a terrible idea. It's not augury is not like. You're that you're gonna die like this is horrible.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, all right, cool. I like that. That's a lot of confidence.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I mean, you know.
Tim Sackton: everything you might do here is dangerous. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, of course. But but it's like it's not like, you know, instant death. You're gonna die right away. And there are a lot of things we do that could do that.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it possible to the the scrying, or to re scry a level down or.
Tim Sackton: I mean no, you have to get closer, because Seeker doesn't seeker's running out of charges on his glove.
Tim Sackton: So I mean he has plenty of 3rd Level slots. It's just
Tim Sackton: It's just a question of getting actually within range of the spell. Instead of being.
David S. Kong: So if we just teleport in there, right can we? Are, are we? Is there a way for us to teleport? And then like instantly turn invisible like our what's our stealth? Can we like be super stealthy?
David S. Kong: Because we basically.
Tim Sackton: Teleport.
Tim Sackton: Well, seeker can't be invisible, but the rest of you could be invisible.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Well, he can teleport just he can teleport 3 of us, or or I mean, really, Welby and and Kenza, we're we're the super stealthy ones, right? So I mean, we're we're not trying to let anybody know that we're here at all like this is like we're we're trying to be.
Tim Sackton: No seeker has to go with you to teleport.
Mike: What about some Rockram seeker? Can we take some Rockram seeker.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but some rackum seekers still won't be invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we tell? We could animal shape and like.
Tim Sackton: Fly over there as.
David S. Kong: Yeah, do we get a sense that there are any like magical boundaries or shields around the thing.
Tim Sackton: Alright!
David S. Kong: Ballpark?
David S. Kong: Can can the vulture just fly in.
Mike: Bobby was unwilling to to force it to die, but.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot of lightning around the outside of this tower.
David S. Kong: I see, I see. Okay, okay.
David S. Kong: So if we animal shift where that'll be hard to get in, there.
Mike: I think I would say.
David S. Kong: Options.
Mike: One option is to
Mike: get closer to the village and try and like
Mike: talk to somebody or something, try and figure like, try and like
Mike: find somebody to get information from
Mike: don't quite know how to pull that off, but.
David S. Kong: That's actually a good idea. Then we can.
Mike: Been open.
David S. Kong: What's going on before. Just like jumping right into that. Yeah, it's probably smart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: The problem with that is, if we fail, we give up all.
David S. Kong: Well, so are are all of the ogres that we can see Tim enslaved like, is it basically just like enslaved ogres like, are there any ogres that are like, you know? Oh, there are some other.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there's ones with with whips and chains.
David S. Kong: Right, right.
Tim Sackton: And it's not actually clear.
Tim Sackton: I mean, ogres are not known for their intelligence. I mean, you.
Tim Sackton: Stump. You've run into ogres before they're not
Tim Sackton: you know. They're they're certainly not.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay.
David S. Kong: this is what we do. This is what we do. Let's find, because this is a. This is a town right? Like the ogres. They're they're they're enslaved, but they're also working there doing shit right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, ogre's intelligence is.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Right. So they're like.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: A step above.
David S. Kong: But there's like a there's like a there's like, and but there, there's a lot of them right the enslaved ogres.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, perfect. So like we, we, let's go find the ogre cafeteria, or like wherever the fuck they are eating and like, let's 1 of us. Can we do some deception? Shit? Somebody must have some like Cantripy, whatever the fuck to like, so that we pretend to be an ogre, and then we like, go wander in there and go have dinner, and just like fucking
David S. Kong: talk to the ogres.
David S. Kong: We must have some magic that allows us to like change into an ogre. Right? Can let be like shapeshift, or do some illusion illusion shit.
David S. Kong: you know, group.
Tim Sackton: I mean secret could do absolutely anything if he wants to use his 9th level slot.
David S. Kong: No, no, we gotta save that right.
David S. Kong: That's the wish. Spell right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I was actually just looking. He actually has should have a second knife level spell. I was going to try and pick something for this adventure, and let Eric change it later.
Mike: Why should I have a site that gets 2 9th level spells.
Tim Sackton: Because he replaced Simakim with wish. Because he's like, why would you ever cast normal? Simakam?
David S. Kong: But can we change it? Y'all tracking the plan here like, can we change somebody into a giant and just have them like literally go sit down at the cafeteria like there's.
Tim Sackton: It's not the.
David S. Kong: You're it's not like everybody knows everybody, you know.
Mike: Polymorph will let you change into an ogre right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We or we could like mass.
Tim Sackton: Be. They're not. They're humanoids. They're not beasts.
Tim Sackton: The only that I mean shape change would, which is a 9th level spell that seeker could take. But again, you probably don't want to use Secret's 9th Level slot on this.
David S. Kong: Sorry. Where are you saying sports.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, we could mass suggestion them. This is another one of those times when having the sceptre command would be really handy. But I mean mass suggesting them could.
David S. Kong: Oh, you know!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 3rd revolution.
David S. Kong: But let's.
Tim Sackton: Who has math suggestion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well seeker as wish.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sure. Okay.
David S. Kong: Well, what if we do? Okay, okay, I like where you're going with this, though, right? Like, we can do like wish, like, when the moment when. Okay, okay, so let's play this out. When the actual, like huge combat happens, which there will be like this big thing moment where there's going to be it. I think the slave revolt thing is great. I think we can definitely
David S. Kong: like have this big chaotic moment where there is some like massively distracting, like revolt that occurs. That sounds awesome.
David S. Kong: What if in the short term we wait till it gets dark, everybody asleep, or like kind of when it start. People start heading to bed. Type of shit right?
David S. Kong: And then we go stealthily, find, like an ogre or 2 that are kind of on the periphery of the village, or whatever that are kind of, you know, like out there and then do we have the ability to cast some, you know, sleep or some other thing for one or 2 ogres that are kind of like out, you know, and then, like either kidnap it, or, you know, capture it, and then interrogate it.
Mike: I guess you suggest.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'm giving secret power word, heal.
David S. Kong: How will he?
Tim Sackton: All right, what?
David S. Kong: Why would we need a spell like that.
Tim Sackton: Very useful.
David S. Kong: Of all the spells. Why would.
Tim Sackton: Because you don't currently have a healer.
David S. Kong: Fucking go all right.
David S. Kong: What? What are you guessing, though?
David S. Kong: That's like.
Tim Sackton: What I was trying. I mean, you've encountered ogres before they're
Tim Sackton: They are not.
Mike: They're pretty.
Tim Sackton: Not likely to get.
David S. Kong: He's asleep.
Tim Sackton: Revolt from ogres.
David S. Kong: We're not likely to. What.
Tim Sackton: Get a slave revolt from ogres.
David S. Kong: Oh, I see!
Tim Sackton: These are more like oxen than they are like. There's I mean that all the questions you asked for about giants, the ogres are not. They're not giants, right?
Mike: No, I wasn't. I wasn't thinking of that. Sorry. Yeah. I assumed that the ogres are like not
Mike: anywhere close to being.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: That that the
Mike: I suspect the difference between the ogres holding the whips and the ogres being whipped has to do with what side of the bed they woke up on.
Mike: Not some sort of power relationship.
Mike: maybe not quite that. But it's not like.
David S. Kong: Well, okay, here's a question. Do you all think it's it's worthy to try to like? Learn, get some information from one of the ogres.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. But I was just gonna cast. So
Mike: if we if we can get within 30 feet of an ogre.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Right. I can cast suggestion.
David S. Kong: Right.
Mike: Not gonna fail. A DC 20. Wisdom chat save.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Literally impossible for them to succeed with their minus 2 wisdom modifier.
Mike: And.
Tim Sackton: Fair.
Mike: So then I can order it to do anything we can say in about 25 words, so you could say, like.
Mike: you are interested in bad strangers.
Mike: You know you. You are meeting an old, an old war buddy at the edge of the camp, and are going to tell him everything you can think of.
David S. Kong: Perfect, but over hours can talk right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, perfect. They're just not. They're just dumb.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah, yeah, right? Let's do exactly. That's a great point.
David S. Kong: A zoom group. Yeah.
David S. Kong: let's do that suggestion. Tell us everything you know about this place? Who runs it? What's going on? Tell us everything
David S. Kong: perfect.
Mike: And and I I just need to within.
Mike: Now, if I want to use metamagic hold on, how far away could I be.
Tim Sackton: Well, right now you're 8 miles away.
Mike: Yes, we have to get way closer than 8 miles.
Mike: I would have to be like 30 feet away.
Mike: I think I could double it.
Mike: I can't find my.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you should be able to double it.
Mike: They can double it.
Mike: although is it worth it? What difference is 60 versus 30? I'm not sure it's worth it.
Mike: We could.
Mike: We could use the disability right.
Mike: but casting suggestion will end the invisibility, but
Mike: could just stealth.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's just stop like we're all stop. Well, you can be invisible like fucking.
David S. Kong: I was. Gonna say, Kyre Welby, Welby and Kenzo are stealthy as fuck.
Tim Sackton: Yep, yes, it I mean, there's a lot of loose rubble and and sort of scrubby terrain.
Tim Sackton: It would be.
Tim Sackton: There's not really any cover to approach. Actually the rim of the
Tim Sackton: mine. There's not really any way you could stealp into the mine. It's completely open and exposed, but you could get up to the sort of village.
Mike: I just wanna get.
Tim Sackton: Too much trouble.
Mike: I want to get within 30, 60 feet.
Mike: I'll use them automatically. Get within 60 feet
Mike: of some ogre who, like has wandered off to the edge, so I can just go cast suggestion.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So from Welby's scouting you know, as the vultures watching like where the the the ogres
Tim Sackton: like, there's a bunch of of
Tim Sackton: low quality barracks and stuff at the bottom of this giant pet, where the ogres seem to sleep.
Tim Sackton: where they're dragging the carts up to is like there's 1 building sort of off to the side that seems to be like a warehouse or something or a.
Tim Sackton: You know. However, these giants are refining Cheli, this is where they're doing it, and the ogres are sort of dragging this.
Tim Sackton: So your best opportunity, without descending into the
Tim Sackton: pit mine, which again would be challenged. I mean, certainly, if you're invisible you could easily try and stop into the pit mine. But if you catch somebody on the edge of this
Tim Sackton: you could probably sneak up to the edge of the warehouse.
Mike: Okay, let's do that.
Tim Sackton: And just wait for somebody to deliver.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so everybody is gonna start.
Tim Sackton: You know, you spend another couple of hours till mid-afternoon, or are you waiting till dark?
Mike: No, I don't think we want to wait till dark.
Tim Sackton: So mid afternoon, maybe maybe more towards like 3 or 4, so that you get some shadows from the sun.
Tim Sackton: you know, a little bit lower in the sky.
Tim Sackton: Waiting on the edge, and then everybody begins to creep through the boulders and rubble towards
Tim Sackton: sort of along this the side. This is the opposite side from Thunder Crown, the other mountain, that, as far as you know, unnamed.
Tim Sackton: Just sort of along the the sort of valley wall, and then sort of in slightly picking your way through boulders and you know, there's there's like little bits of juniper trees growing here.
Tim Sackton: There's a fair bit of cover as you begin to sort of creep your way forward.
Mike: We are. Gonna wait till afternoon. By the way, I am going to
Mike: past aid and take a short rest.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So everybody. So Kenzo and Welby take 2010 pip points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2020 sample points.
Tim Sackton: No real hit points. Change your hip points.
Mike: Oh, and I can do it, too, because it's not temp. Yes, increase your hit point maximum by 20.
Tim Sackton: Click on click on where it says the number underneath Max in Rule 20, and where it says, Max
Tim Sackton: HP. Modifier set that to 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
David S. Kong: We.
Tim Sackton: So you begin to creep forward.
Tim Sackton: Who's who's in front? Anybody scouting anybody keeping watch specifically.
David S. Kong: Yeah. I'll keep washing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think I'm in front.
Mike: That will be in the middle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trying to guide through the stealthiest routes I can find, and watching out for guards and finding cover.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead and make a
Tim Sackton: Schwartz. Make a perception check for Welby with advantage.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, straight perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 21.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, 28.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to sort of creep forward, you get to about
Tim Sackton: Maybe a thousand yards or so from the
Tim Sackton: from the back edge of this warehouse.
Tim Sackton: Maybe maybe a bit more, maybe like half a mile.
Tim Sackton: And well, be your your bow sort of
Tim Sackton: tugs you slightly, and you look, and you see
Tim Sackton: sort of hidden nestled among one of these boulders there is a small, a purple gem that's clearly been carved into the shape of an eye.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will telepathically alert the rest of the party of that, and we'll all freeze and tuck in for a minute.
David S. Kong: Fives.
David S. Kong: Detect Magic Tech Eagle what's going on here?
David S. Kong: Get the tech Magic.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can stand around for 10 min
Tim Sackton: well dealt with. Oh, no, that's right. You have your fast thing.
Tim Sackton: It just takes a minute right.
David S. Kong: Do we have like identify? Can we? Can we identify the thing.
Tim Sackton: You have to touch things to identify them.
David S. Kong: What if we touch them with our good intentions?
Mike: Yeah, 1 min. It's 1 min. It doesn't work.
Tim Sackton: There is divination, magic coming from this gemstone.
Mike: How far away is the gemstone.
Tim Sackton: Well, presumably 30 feet. If you.
Mike: Oh, sure, are there! There's not others nearby. Are there?
Tim Sackton: Not that Welby has seen.
Mike: And
Mike: the spell magic would presumably at the very worst, suppress it for long enough for us to go by. Right?
Mike: Probably. Yeah, it's just do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I guess Seeker is going to cast a spell. Magic.
Mike: No deal with.
Mike: I have to spell.
Mike: I mean. Seeker could also do it. He's probably better. Well, no, we have the same likelihood of success.
Tim Sackton: Although actually.
Mike: Mine is better, because it's 5th or lower.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you're using. Yeah, yeah, if you want to use one of your one of your pack slots.
Mike: I always use pack slots instead of source.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I can't cast a spell. Magic with a source. I only have second Level sorcerer spells.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right, I forgot.
Tim Sackton: okay, so dealt with. Cast the spell magic and the glow on this carved eye. Gem fades.
Mike: Oh, motion, you know! Let's go.
Tim Sackton: And everybody continues forward.
Tim Sackton: You get to within about a hundred feet of the edge of the
Tim Sackton: of the of the warehouse. Everybody rolls stealth checks.
Tim Sackton: Somebody want to roll a d. 20 for seeker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seeker should, can seeker be invisible, seeker's got stealth issues.
Tim Sackton: No, no, he doesn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Doesn't he?
Tim Sackton: He's got a plus 5. It's not terrible.
Mike: Than Delith, who only has a plus 2.
Tim Sackton: Riswin's the one who has stealth issues.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's right.
David S. Kong: I've got.
Mike: I haven't seen this.
David S. Kong: You want me to roll a d. 20 for.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Somebody rolls for seeker.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 31 for wellbee.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I saw.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Stop sharing.
David S. Kong: For seeker without mods.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah, okay. You're all you're all good.
Tim Sackton: Welby manages to grab dealt with before he
Tim Sackton: accidentally steps on our dry branch.
Tim Sackton: And guide you safely up again, crouched down against the back wall of the warehouse.
Tim Sackton: You think
Tim Sackton: fairly well out of sight from anybody, but you can do. You need line of you need to see the target for a suggestion.
Mike: Believe they just have to be able to hear you. But I'm.
Tim Sackton: Because you can hear 2 ogres approaching.
Mike: Now a creature you can see.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Dawith has to peek around the corner and cast suggestion.
Tim Sackton: You're sort of listening, and you hear?
Tim Sackton: You know they're they're they're, you know, the the
Tim Sackton: shoving and sort of a little bit of
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't exactly call it banter back and forth more.
Tim Sackton: you know. Just kind of shouts
Tim Sackton: pushing each other a little bit, and you know one of them kind of shoves, the other a little bit, and
Tim Sackton: some of the pieces of or something. Roll, roll out, and yeah.
Tim Sackton: put a little bit more pushing, and then, you know, one of them is like
Tim Sackton: fine. I'll get it. There are. Speak! I don't know if anybody speaks. Giant.
David S. Kong: Don't I speak all languages.
Tim Sackton: Oh, Kenzo speaks all languages.
Mike: And dealt with also has comprehend languages constantly right.
Tim Sackton: Dawith understands all languages.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: suggestion has to be in a language that they can understand.
David S. Kong: Does daleth speak, giant? Or can the suggestion come from somebody that's not dulla.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't know what languages they understand. They might very well understand, Compton, although this seems like a pretty isolated settlement.
David S. Kong: But there's they speak over right right.
Tim Sackton: They speak, giant, which Kenzo can speak, but I don't think Daweth can speak.
Mike: No.
David S. Kong: But does the caster need to be the one that's doing the suggesting.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
David S. Kong: You know, giant, or can deal with. Do do giant stuff speaking giant done.
Mike: I don't speak, giant. No.
David S. Kong: Can you do? You have a way to speak languages that you don't know.
Mike: Yeah, it just uses so many spells.
Mike: It's okay.
Tim Sackton: So this one ogre kind of scrambles after these leaf rocks and comes running basically right past your hiding place.
David S. Kong: Like looking for us, or he's just actually just.
Tim Sackton: No, no, he's he's.
Mike: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: There's 2.
Tim Sackton: There's some loose ore that's.
David S. Kong: Appreciate, playing.
Mike: Yes, I will cast Tong Zan's suggestion.
Mike: and it might suggest my suggestion will be.
Mike: and which lasts for 8 h. So my suggestion is gonna be.
Mike: There's a i mean, I should say, there's a
Mike: a magic rock behind the warehouse.
Mike: and you really want to tell it everything you know and see happen over the next 8 h.
Mike: Everything you know about the village and see happen in the village over the next 8 h.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: And it'll.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Mike: It'll grant your it'll grant you a favor in the next life.
Tim Sackton: the hooker stops, and he looks at the boulder that you're hid hiding behind
Tim Sackton: right? There's like a a rock that you're all sort of crouched behind. That's near the back of the
Tim Sackton: warehouse, and he looks. And he, he says, a giant.
Tim Sackton: did you just pointing at the boulder, did you just talk to me.
David S. Kong: Gosh!
Tim Sackton: Pop up.
Tim Sackton: I'll come back. I I just have to get rid of Crunk.
David S. Kong: See you soon.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit! It's Crunk, is it? Crunk like my crunk?
Tim Sackton: I just look at Role 20 as the 1st name that popped into my head.
David S. Kong: Oh, that would.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Plot, twist! Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: Your your crunk was not an ogre
Tim Sackton: Oh, don't tell anybody.
Tim Sackton: I'll be back soon. Big Rock.
David S. Kong: See you soon. Can't wait.
Tim Sackton: Stomps off about 40. 50 min later.
Tim Sackton: You hear what sounds like a large creature trying to tiptoe badly, and the ogre sits down
Tim Sackton: facing the rock, kind of kneeling a little bit and looking towards the rock.
Tim Sackton: Hello, Rock, do I?
Tim Sackton: I will tell you many things.
Tim Sackton: He starts talking about the village, and
Tim Sackton: I mean there's not much of a village about the mighty awesome power of of drukemear about
Tim Sackton: how they are.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Everybody who who brings the special rocks to Drup mirror is rewarded.
Tim Sackton: The the people who bring the most special rocks get the whips the next day.
Tim Sackton: and they get a day off.
Tim Sackton: and the people who bring the least special rocks.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't want to be one of those people.
Tim Sackton: but nobody really knows what the special rocks are.
Tim Sackton: or quite why they're here, but they pile them in the
Tim Sackton: warehouse, and then somehow, he points up. They make the lightning, and and once I remember, I think
Tim Sackton: I got to see the lightning move.
Tim Sackton: One of the big big creatures.
Tim Sackton: Stupid man!
Tim Sackton: Thought he could run away, and now he's just a little pile of ash.
Tim Sackton: Ha, ha! Ha! Us big, smart men never think to run away.
Tim Sackton: We never be ash. Haha!
Tim Sackton: Stupid big men are ash hate to be one of them stupid big men.
Mike: The the dealt with like whispered, I can't say like, actually, I guess.
Mike: but Kenzo's doing a good rock impression. So.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Go ahead.
Mike: The the rock should ask, Yeah, some stupid
Mike: do do any of the stupid big men, not Mike.
Mike: not believe in the strength of
Mike: drew care but or not. Wait right! Wait!
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, we asked that.
Tim Sackton: Not after Big man turned to ash.
Tim Sackton: Everybody bowed down and worshipped then. Ha! Ha! I knew it.
Tim Sackton: Nobody likes ash.
David S. Kong: Which big men. We're
David S. Kong: What's the name of the leader, Guy.
Tim Sackton: Rukhmer.
David S. Kong: Drukmeir, which big men did not like. Drukmeir.
Tim Sackton: Can't follow that.
Tim Sackton: Some of some of them have purple crowns.
Tim Sackton: They the they, the boss men.
Tim Sackton: purple, crowned big men, they, the bosses. Everybody listen to them.
Tim Sackton: They have lots of power.
David S. Kong: And all purple crown.
David S. Kong: Big men like Drake, Mir.
Tim Sackton: Big purple crown, slightly confused like, yeah, he make purple crown.
Tim Sackton: Big big boss man, giant boss man make purple crown on big stone man.
Tim Sackton: Only the best big stone man get purple crown
Tim Sackton: bad big stone men get ground to ash, turn to dust
Tim Sackton: us smart ones never turn to dust.
Tim Sackton: We work hard to make crowns for the big men.
David S. Kong: Ha!
Tim Sackton: Something.
David S. Kong: The rock is like, Ha! You so smart they never catch you. You're the best.
Tim Sackton: Thank you. Rock.
David S. Kong: Oh, alright!
Tim Sackton: Nice rock.
David S. Kong: Any, any big man not turned to dust, who do not like big boss man.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what big men think.
Tim Sackton: Purple cramped, big Men's Mash Rock. Sometimes.
David S. Kong: Ever seen. Big boss man get mad at big man still alive.
Tim Sackton: Thinks for a minute, and he's like counting on his fingers. Big boss man.
Tim Sackton: big big boss man always win.
Tim Sackton: Nobody get mad at him stomp, stomp, smush, or turn to ash.
Tim Sackton: Big boss man like big boss man.
Tim Sackton: Big men are just big man, big boss men like big.
David S. Kong: Any any bigger.
Tim Sackton: Good.
David S. Kong: Big man mad at purple hat. Big man.
Tim Sackton: Some. Some of them stomp off when their stones get smashed
Tim Sackton: silly. We are here to smash stones.
Tim Sackton: Don't know what's wrong with them.
David S. Kong: On!
Tim Sackton: I smash stones all the time. Smack! Not you! You're a great rock. I would never smash you.
David S. Kong: Thank you, you. Great rock! You also, great.
Tim Sackton: I agree. Rock.
David S. Kong: Can. I'm trying to get it like. So we need to. We need to get them to show us which of the giants are like the ones that are pissed off, that their rocks are getting smashed.
David S. Kong: How do we do that?
Tim Sackton: I mean, he clearly doesn't understand complicated politics.
David S. Kong: No, I know, but I'm like hmm
David S. Kong: cause like ha! From where we are right now, can we see how far out can we see.
David S. Kong: Well, you're hidden behind. You're hidden in between a wall and a rock. You can't see any.
David S. Kong: I know, but like, were we able to like see out like into.
Tim Sackton: You'd be looking sort of towards the rim of the giant pit with the
Tim Sackton: lightning statue above it, and then the sort of giant village extends in a circle around the pit, and you're on the edge of the village.
David S. Kong: Can we see any any giants right now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're well.
Tim Sackton: I mean again, not from where you are. But there's presumably some around like the vulture saw.
David S. Kong: Yeah, maybe a half dozen kind of walking around.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay,
David S. Kong: So from where we are right now, are there any giants visible.
Tim Sackton: Well again. You're there's no gents visible to you. You're
Tim Sackton: like carefully hidden in between a wall and a rock.
David S. Kong: But.
Tim Sackton: So you have no visibility to the ogre. Maybe he looks around like.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll ask it.
David S. Kong: Any any big man angry at Purple big man, you see.
Tim Sackton: All look like stone to me.
David S. Kong: Hmm, guys, any ideas. This is all very useful. We need. We need to get like an Id.
David S. Kong: I'm 1 of the stone giants that might be like.
David S. Kong: you know, upset at the big boss.
Mike: I think we have to go to the tower and destroy the crystal lance because he can clearly shoot it at anybody within this valley
Mike: and just kill them.
David S. Kong: Yeah. But before we do that, because that's gonna start some crazy fucking battle.
David S. Kong: we need to do a little sub reviews to get on our side, so that you know.
Mike: No, you're not wrong.
David S. Kong: I think we'll see
David S. Kong: apocalyptic battle happens. I think that's going to be like, once we start trying to destroy the the thing.
David S. Kong: Big boss guys, I think there's gonna be one fight. There's gonna be one fight. Once we try to destroy the lance, we're not like escaping and coming back. It's like, we gotta destroy the lance. The big boss is gonna come, and then we're gonna have to fight him. So
David S. Kong: like us trying to destroy the the death ray is gonna initiate the larger battle. So we got one battle.
Tim Sackton: The one. The one thing, just one thing to keep in mind, that the vulture
Tim Sackton: well be noticed, that the vulture is the stone giants are all like they're all stone. But there, there's marble, there's basalt, there's granite, there's like green black ones.
Tim Sackton: They all are different kinds of stone.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
David S. Kong: So I asked the the the ogre again about the the ones that are mad
David S. Kong: at the purple purple heads.
David S. Kong: And for the different color giants that we've seen like, what are some of like like? Is it like black giant Blackstone, giant
David S. Kong: like is he? Is is the ogre gonna understand? Like marble.
Tim Sackton: No, but like white, or you know.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: White or gray, or or green, or black.
David S. Kong: So we'll ask him that any of those colors, mad at the mad at the purple heads.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Ha, ha! Ha! Yeah, I saw. I saw 2 of the the dark ones, the ones like with black.
Tim Sackton: What do you call it? Stone
Tim Sackton: stone, and you call it stone. You're a rock, you should know we call a stone stone.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they were sad. They were sitting in a corner with their pile of smashed rocks.
David S. Kong: Aha!
Tim Sackton: I threw some rocks at them, and one of the purple crowns is like, Yeah, go you good guy, throw some rocks at them, those stupid black ones. They didn't look great at all.
David S. Kong: Dumb blackstones.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Can I throw some?
Tim Sackton: You could throw yourself at that.
Tim Sackton: mash him up? Oh, wait! Can you move.
David S. Kong: I'll do it later. I'll do it later, and then.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. 2, 2 of them. They stick together. They're like,
Tim Sackton: big big man, but like thin, not pearly armed like me.
David S. Kong: Okay, perfect.
Tim Sackton: Dark and like like streaks of
Tim Sackton: he like points at the rock where there's like a weathered patch. That's like layer color, that thing. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Aha! They were. They were funny.
David S. Kong: There!
Tim Sackton: You smash them up. Good!
David S. Kong: We smashed.
Tim Sackton: Dumb. Not like me. I'm not dumb.
David S. Kong: You smart.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. He tops the rock. Good rock.
David S. Kong: Alright, I think we've learned what we need to learn.
David S. Kong: It was great. We're gonna save that one.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that one that ogre is not gonna die.
David S. Kong: Okay. So we thank. We thank the ogre. We we work, we tell them to get excited, for when we, when the rock throws itself at the app.
Tim Sackton: Have you heard enough, rock.
David S. Kong: Have we anything else we want to learn?
Tim Sackton: Do I get my?
Tim Sackton: Do I get my, whatever it is you promised me? I don't remember now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where does the Big Big Boss stay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I do that?
Tim Sackton: Big big bosses so cool he climbed
Tim Sackton: out of the middle of the pit whenever he's mad and he grows and he grows, and he takes his arms and he puts them down, and he pulls himself out of the top, and his head goes above the pit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's big.
Tim Sackton: Boom.
Mike: 50 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, probably a little more than 50 feet, like 60 feet.
David S. Kong: Have you ever.
Tim Sackton: He's so cool.
David S. Kong: Have you ever seen the Big Boss scared of anything, or is he always, never scared.
Tim Sackton: That's a stupid question.
Tim Sackton: Never scared.
Tim Sackton: There's a story somebody told me.
David S. Kong: Hmm. Tell me the story. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Killed a million people I don't know is that a big number.
David S. Kong: Pretty big.
Mike: Pretty big Kate.
Tim Sackton: Tell him no good. Big man, big big boss man, the best.
Mike: Yeah, can you tell one of the sad black, big men
Mike: to come over here so we can, so we can throw it so so I can throw myself at him.
Tim Sackton: He looks scared.
Tim Sackton: If you're gonna smash them, I'll do what you say. But
Tim Sackton: the big men don't listen to us smart ones.
Mike: Yeah. Tell him
Mike: There's a secret.
Tim Sackton: You're gonna make fun of him.
Tim Sackton: Secret code, word, secret code word. You have to say, okay, what's our secret? What do we.
Mike: Repeat exactly this, it'll make them do what you say.
Tim Sackton: You're such a good magic rock.
David S. Kong: Telepathically right now, do we want to separately make contact as opposed to using this ogre or.
Mike: But then they'll come. We're not going to sneak into the village.
David S. Kong: Alright! Alright! Let's get them all right. Let's.
Mike: See. But what do we say?
Mike: Hold on! Hold on, I where's my phone? I
Mike: I want to look at what? The, what the legend of the hold on one second.
Mike: Sorry. It was this legend at the end. What did they call.
Tim Sackton: Ogrethar. Is that what you're looking for?
Mike: The amethyst tyrant, but they might not know that.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's what that's what Drukmir was called.
Mike: The amethyst tyrant, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, I was thinking of something like death to the amethyst tyrant that too straightforward.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: This guy won't understand what it means.
Mike: or
David S. Kong: Hmm!
David S. Kong: Maybe it's like the end of the Mfs. Tyrant, something that's just a little more open
David S. Kong: like. Down with Vm at this Tyler.
David S. Kong: Death is a little strong.
Mike: Yeah, that's fair.
David S. Kong: Down with the amethyst tyrant.
David S. Kong: Yeah, cause the ogre's not gonna know what the fuck that means.
Mike: Skybreaker. That was the other word I was looking for.
David S. Kong: Good down with a skybreaker.
David S. Kong: I like this.
Mike: Say, say to him, say to the the sad black one, magic rock says, Down with skybreaker.
Tim Sackton: Magic words, you give me magic words.
Tim Sackton: You are rock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): These words can be said to no one but that one alone.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: If anybody else hears them.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike: You will be hit by the stone instead of instead of him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed.
David S. Kong: Understood.
Tim Sackton: I will be very careful.
David S. Kong: Gotcha now.
Tim Sackton: Powerful rock.
David S. Kong: You're so grants me.
Tim Sackton: Powers.
David S. Kong: You're so smart.
Tim Sackton: I am.
Tim Sackton: I am King of the ogres. Now.
David S. Kong: Oh, don't tell anyone that, though, must bring.
Tim Sackton: I will keep it secret till you grant my wish.
David S. Kong: Very good. Secret. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I will be hidden, and when the kingdom of the Magic Rock comes I will be your servant.
Tim Sackton: Is that good.
Mike: Yes.
David S. Kong: Very good.
Tim Sackton: I'll go speak the magic words now, quietly.
Tim Sackton: I won't tell anybody about the magic Rock.
David S. Kong: Lost!
Tim Sackton: I will tell one person about. Wait.
David S. Kong: Yes, only the Black one.
Tim Sackton: I will tell only the point about the magic rock.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perfect.
Tim Sackton: Sad.
David S. Kong: That's smart.
Tim Sackton: And the magic words, R.
Tim Sackton: Death to the sky! Tire, tyrant.
David S. Kong: Downed with a skybreaker.
Tim Sackton: Down with the skybreaker.
Tim Sackton: These are hard, hard words. Magic is hard to learn.
Tim Sackton: Down with the skybreaker! Down with the skybreaker! Down
Tim Sackton: he walks away, muttering under his breath.
Tim Sackton: Down with this! I have to remember! Down with the sky.
David S. Kong: This is gonna end so badly.
Mike: About a 50 50 on that one.
David S. Kong: Just to say, there's other versions of the adventure where we would have done none of this, and just teleported directly into the thing, and just see what happens. That's like, completely what we would normally do. So I, this is this is, this is high level D and D, right here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I love it.
David S. Kong: That's great!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: An hour passes.
David S. Kong: Oh no!
Mike: Can we like? Is it possible to like rest behind this rock here.
Mike: or is it too high stakes of a situation.
Tim Sackton: Seeger could use, wish to cast Mordecadian's magnificent mansion, and then you can rest all you want.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secret question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could also lot of things.
Mike: I could cast a second level spell called Prayer of Healing. To get a short rest as well.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Mike: You.
Tim Sackton: I think it would. I think it is tough to rest while you're I mean, this is not a comfortable space.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's fair.
Tim Sackton: Crouched.
Mike: Yeah, no, that's that's that's totally fair. I was just asking.
Tim Sackton: Another several hours pass.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: The sun begins to sink into the sky.
David S. Kong: Suggestion is last, for how long?
Mike: 8 h.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Can you scry him now that you know what he is like? Just see what he's doing.
Mike: I could
David S. Kong: I mean, if it's too annoying, don't worry about it.
Mike: It's an interesting question. It would.
Mike: It would mean this suggestion spell would end. But it's not clear to me how much of what he's doing is still being powered by suggestion.
Mike: like the spell ending doesn't cause his belief in the Magic Rock to go away. I don't think right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we've we can give them a little more.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean.
David S. Kong: So we're not in a rush.
Tim Sackton: At this point at this point, assuming he's gone, and
Tim Sackton: he's sort of he's done the course of activity that you suggested.
Mike: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: So the spell has already.
Mike: Ended right.
Tim Sackton: Ended.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: Right, presumably. I mean, he must have gone and told the giant this because he's magically compelled by suggestion.
Tim Sackton: So, and once he does that the suggestion would end.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing there's no, there's nothing in the spell that says
Tim Sackton: when the spell ends, the target realizes. There was a spell.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's just done.
David S. Kong: We we need. We need the black, I mean, we should at least wait until morning and see what happens, just to give the the giant, the dark giant.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's gonna be. It's not gonna be a very comfortable place to sleep.
Tim Sackton: But you know the sun is going to set in an hour, and you could at least wait to see.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do that.
Mike: I mean, if somebody was coming they would potentially want to wait for a.
David S. Kong: Yeah, totally.
David S. Kong: We thought.
Tim Sackton: The sun sets, and it begins to get dark, and about
Tim Sackton: an hour after, you know, half an hour after sunset you hear a sort of quiet.
Tim Sackton: very deep bass voice.
Tim Sackton: I'm singing what sounds like a
Tim Sackton: saw some kind of song in in Giantesh, and it's
Tim Sackton: it's sort of a it's like a
Tim Sackton: you know. Epic poem style set set to a sort of bass chant.
Tim Sackton: That is, that is telling a story about
Tim Sackton: how the mountains were created. This seems like a legend or some sort of stone giant tale about how the giant the mountains were sculpted by
Tim Sackton: They're all father and.
Tim Sackton: It, you know. It's it's it's
Tim Sackton: the the idea is, it's kind of. It's just kind of a sort of an ancient tale. And he seems to be humming it under his under his breath a little bit
Tim Sackton: and kind of waiting after each stanza
Tim Sackton: to hear if there's a reply.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Is there do? Can we think about what the reply could be?
Mike: I mean is, are we visible? If we just stand up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: I mean.
Mike: Sorry are we visible to anybody other than this guy we like behind the warehouse.
Tim Sackton: You're behind the warehouse, but it's difficult to tell.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Right visible from the tower which is floating above.
Mike: Of course. Yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, can we do telepathy.
Mike: Oh, yeah, affluent to empathy.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't speak, giant, though.
Mike: You have to.
David S. Kong: We? We bring him into our telepathy circle, and then with seeker.
David S. Kong: And then Kenzo and Kenzo can communicate with them and join it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, what about just responding with the.
Tim Sackton: No, the telepathic bond has to be willing creatures of your choice, so they have to be aware of you and agree to be part of the spell. You can't rope in somebody secretly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, how about just responding like answering his verse like, is this a piece of verse that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dealt with nose or with like your.
David S. Kong: Or Kenzo knows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or Kenzo knows, or like anybody knows, or I mean.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is probably does know it. Somebody roll a d 20 for
Tim Sackton: history check for seeker, but he's got a plus 17, so.
David S. Kong: Hold on! I'm doing it!
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: 4, but 21.
Tim Sackton: 21 seeker does not know it does seeker want to use heroic inspiration.
David S. Kong: Yes, he does.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Wait, wait! Wait before he does his oral conspiration. Never mind.
Mike: I was gonna ask guidance, but.
Tim Sackton: You can cast guidance on the heroic inspiration, revolve.
Mike: Right, so add a d. 4,
Mike: so d 20 plus d 4.
David S. Kong: Yep.
David S. Kong: What the fuck are you fucking for, real? I rolled a 4.
David S. Kong: How's that possible?
Mike: Where'd you roll on the d 4.
David S. Kong: A 2.
Tim Sackton: It's a 2 plus a 2.
David S. Kong: Doesn't.
Mike: Oh, wait! You rolled a 2 and a 2. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Been rolling so good before that.
Tim Sackton: Does not know anybody else who's proficient in history can try.
David S. Kong: But at 21 does not succeed.
David S. Kong: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Of course, seeker can inspire you.
David S. Kong: How do you know if you're proficient in history?
Mike: You'd have a little.
Tim Sackton: You are not.
Mike: Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: You have a little dot next to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oops!
Mike: Nope.
Tim Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about?
Tim Sackton: Don't. You don't know the you don't know it secretly.
Tim Sackton: His brain like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is dealt with. Proficient in performance
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is that for any of us, and.
David S. Kong: Nature, stealth, instead, deception.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, because you could like, try and extemporize.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, performance would work.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't need to be proficient to attempt to extemporize something with performance.
David S. Kong: I have a plus one in performance. I'll try.
Mike: Plus 5. I'll try it.
David S. Kong: Go for it. Yeah.
Mike: Dealt dealt with will attempt to echo a verse back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or like adiverse, of how.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know the.
Tim Sackton: Not in giant. In what language
Tim Sackton: I mean. This guy probably speaks more than giant giants are quite smart.
Mike: What's our elves and elves and giants are not like.
David S. Kong: Pencil. I can do it in, giant, though I can just try it. Give me some inspiration. I have a plus one. I'll do it in giant.
Mike: No? Well, is there a decent chance? A giant would at least recognize elvish.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, all right, I'll do it in elvish.
Tim Sackton: Okay, secret gives you inspiration if you need it.
Mike: I do need inspiration. Hold on! What's what's inspiration at D 12.
Tim Sackton: D. 12 roll twice, take the higher.
David S. Kong: What did you get.
Mike: I got a 12.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a tough.
Tim Sackton: You were doing so well with the suggestion plan and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you want a heroic inspiration.
Mike: Oh, but I got a 12 operation.
Tim Sackton: 24. That's.
Mike: 24.
Tim Sackton: Seekers like seekers like, you know, magically giving you tips, and the song pauses, and
Tim Sackton: the giant turns and looks back at the rock and walks over and looks behind that.
Tim Sackton: because he's way taller than the rock.
Mike: Wave up!
David S. Kong: We all wave.
Tim Sackton: And he looks.
David S. Kong: Site. Salt sites in.
Tim Sackton: Surprise. He is. Okay, so he's he's like, cr, 8. He's not super strong. But like
Tim Sackton: extremely surprised is his primary emotion.
David S. Kong: Hello!
Tim Sackton: He speaks in halting common.
Tim Sackton: I have not heard that tongue in hundreds of years.
Tim Sackton: What are one of the forest people doing in this place?
Tim Sackton: Why are you singing to me.
Tim Sackton: I would flee if I were you before you die.
David S. Kong: Kenzel will speak.
Tim Sackton: Him quietly.
David S. Kong: Kenza will speak directly in Giant.
David S. Kong: But hello, friend!
David S. Kong: We are! We are! We are friends, I know this is,
David S. Kong: might be a surprise to see such beings as us here.
David S. Kong: But,
David S. Kong: Perhaps our interests in this area are aligned, and that way we may be able to help you.
Tim Sackton: He's like bending way way down, leaning over and like, puts his hands.
Tim Sackton: reaches down and and picks up Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Say that again. Talk quietly, please, holding you next to his ear.
David S. Kong: Kenzo and Kenzo also, you know, he spent some time with Paul Graar. You know he's got some giant, you know, knows some giant vibes. So he, Kenzo, is just trying to be.
Tim Sackton: I mean Hoggar to be fair Haugar, you know he like had people come up to his palace for audiences. He was like unusually.
David S. Kong: Social.
Tim Sackton: Social, for a giant.
David S. Kong: Kenzo will. I'm still kind of putting on his best best giant energy, and we'll say,
David S. Kong: I we
David S. Kong: we we may very well be friends, and we may be able to help you in your situation here.
Tim Sackton: I doubt that.
David S. Kong: The giant that lives in the pit.
David S. Kong: Is he your friend or your foe?
Tim Sackton: He is no giant.
David S. Kong: What is he?
Tim Sackton: An abomination against all that giants stand for.
David S. Kong: Then we are aligned.
David S. Kong: Would you like to see him out of this valley?
Tim Sackton: He puts your dad on top of the rock.
Tim Sackton: We are not aligned.
Tim Sackton: You may have common interests.
David S. Kong: What are your interests?
Tim Sackton: He looks at the 4 of you.
Tim Sackton: You obviously are not weak if you've made it past the chely eyes without alerting the guard.
Tim Sackton: and you have done some mind magic to that poor dumb creature, and you're obviously clever.
Tim Sackton: He like picks up the boulder and like shifts a little bit out of the way and then sits down.
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure what you think you are attempting to accomplish here.
Mike: We still have a telepathic link. We do, right? Yeah, yeah, okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: We should just tell them we've come from.
Mike: We want the chelate.
Mike: Why not be upfront with them? Make a deal.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Meal.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you speak in common. We can speak. That's we can all speak together.
Mike: We? I'll tell him we we are here on behalf of, while some, the city of Chardon.
Mike: the empire of charted now.
Mike: and we seek to.
Tim Sackton: Has killed many of them before.
Mike: We seek to reopen the Chile Mine.
Tim Sackton: Foolish, tiny people.
Tim Sackton: Do you know what is hovering above us?
Mike: Yes.
David S. Kong: But oh! That the desktop.
Mike: But it, but it can be destroyed or disabled. Yes.
David S. Kong: Hey? Are we able to like through some kind of cantrip or some other way? Just like, because, like, you know, he's like, who are these little tiny human? Can we like? Send him some images of us, like killing a few dragons, and like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, seeker can like, seeker puts on a little show.
David S. Kong: Because it's a minor illusion.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. But let's show him a little bit of just give them. Give them a little bit more.
Tim Sackton: Make make a go ahead and deal with, make a persuasion check since everybody's helping with advantage.
Mike: 21 was the better roll.
Tim Sackton: With your modifier.
Mike: Yeah, I rolled a 10.
Tim Sackton: And a 7. Okay, he
Tim Sackton: kind of looks.
Tim Sackton: He like shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: As I said, you are obviously
Tim Sackton: well, you are not weaklings, that is, for sure. But you may be fools.
Tim Sackton: and I ask again.
Tim Sackton: you wish to take the che like that is of no concern of mine.
Tim Sackton: I would like to leave this place.
David S. Kong: We can help.
Mike: Very well.
David S. Kong: We would love to help you leave this place.
David S. Kong: Are there others like you that want to leave.
Tim Sackton: About half of us.
Mike: It.
Mike: It seems to us that if and
Mike: we knew more of the workings of that
David S. Kong: Tower.
Mike: Device.
David S. Kong: Device.
Mike: And if it was disabled.
David S. Kong: Or destroyed.
Mike: And if we had some help, keep the allies of the abomination away.
Mike: that we would fight the abomination and win.
Tim Sackton: I will not.
Tim Sackton: It stops.
Tim Sackton: We'll have to think.
Tim Sackton: Not everybody is happy with this state of affairs.
Tim Sackton: but there are only 2 fates
Tim Sackton: for those who express their displeasure, disintegration, or slowly
Tim Sackton: being used up by the lightning until turn into something unrecognizable.
Tim Sackton: burned out husk of a creature.
David S. Kong: Choose freedom.
David S. Kong: That's what we offer.
Mike: Well, if we can find a way to destroy that thing.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike: Take its power away.
Mike: We think freedom is within your grasp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Otherwise one of those 2 fates will be yours in time.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Clearly.
Mike: Of.
Tim Sackton: Thinking.
David S. Kong: The faiths have brought us to your door. Let's not let this opportunity pass.
Tim Sackton: So you're are, you? Are you?
Tim Sackton: I can't quite figure out if you're asking them to ally with you and fight, or for information, or both.
David S. Kong: Both ideally.
Mike: I think we're we're we're saying that.
Tim Sackton: He's clearly warmed up to you, but he's not necessarily like a bad.
Tim Sackton: I kind of like jump into.
David S. Kong: Okay, so.
Mike: No. No. Okay, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I don't think we're asking for comment. But like.
David S. Kong: No, no.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To make, to plan together, to understand together, to see what's possible together, and like.
David S. Kong: This one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Action, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, okay. But but phase one, this is making out.
David S. Kong: Okay, we're making. We're just we're just just the 1st date. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, with the cuddle team.
David S. Kong: Some. Some information is great. Okay, ideally, the ideal situation would be if they wanted to fight with us. That's the most ideal. But maybe not. That's maybe that's too far. But in the middle would be when the big, crazy battle happens, when those motherfuckers are coming up, that they maybe even if they're not like actively, you know, fighting the big, huge giant, they're at least like keeping the other ogres away, you know, letting us focus on.
Tim Sackton: You're right. I'm about to ask you to make another persuasion check. He's definitely warmed up to you.
Tim Sackton: Information and planning is much easier than like, join our cause, and fight.
David S. Kong: Start there. Let's start with, yeah.
David S. Kong: Planning. Yeah.
Mike: I think what we're
Mike: we're trying to make common cause for him to help us destroy. Nobody can do anything until that death beam is gone.
Tim Sackton: We're not asking him to go into the tower or do any of the work right. We're just.
Tim Sackton: I guess.
Mike: To.
Tim Sackton: I got it right. So so go ahead and make another persertion with advantage, because you're all helping
Tim Sackton: seekers ready with inspiration if you need it. But.
Mike: Duck.
Tim Sackton: Just information is pretty easy.
Tim Sackton: 22. Okay.
Tim Sackton: yeah. So he, he sort of relaxes a little bit as he sort of realizes thinking about it, then
Tim Sackton: planning, yes, I can share what I know.
Tim Sackton: The tower it is.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: You must be careful, for thunder booms constantly within it.
Tim Sackton: It's distracting and hard to focus, and the husks left behind by
Tim Sackton: those of my people who have died at the hands of the abomination.
Tim Sackton: We'll fight you and some of the traders who have sought to worship this false God also
Tim Sackton: study the secrets of
Tim Sackton: this false power, this frozen magic that is not even a true stone, not a real gemstone at all.
Tim Sackton: So it is not.
Tim Sackton: It is not a place that where you will find ease and comfort.
Tim Sackton: and I must presume you have some way of reaching it, light or magic.
Tim Sackton: for I do not think, unless you are immune to the
Tim Sackton: deadly forces of lightning which most of us are.
Tim Sackton: you'll not be able to use the normal way of transport.
Tim Sackton: allowing yourself to be carried by the lightning burst.
David S. Kong: Can we cast heliport twice.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. There we go.
Tim Sackton: 7th and 8th level slots. I mean, seeker has 1, 7, th 1 8th and 1 9.th
David S. Kong: Okay, alright cool. So we can get in and out.
Mike: Well, it's a dimension door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or Rainbow Bridge, or Flyaway.
Tim Sackton: Getting out. There's a lot more possibilities for getting out than getting in.
Mike: Also, if the thing's destroyed, maybe the lightning goes away.
David S. Kong: After that.
Tim Sackton: It might just crash!
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or it might likely explode, destroying the entire mountain range. You know. We'll find out.
David S. Kong: What we're all.
Tim Sackton: So he also says, nobody knows exactly what the abomination did to construct it, but I am confident that
Tim Sackton: those of your obvious prowess can find a way to at least disrupt the flow of energy
Tim Sackton: that powers the thing, not destroy it outright. You can see where the energy flows from the Chelite.
Tim Sackton: and he sort of makes a bitter face if he doesn't even like saying that word in the mountains
Tim Sackton: through is pointing up the arcane bolts and down through the middle of the thing to charge
Tim Sackton: the destruction that can be unleashed just needs to be locked somehow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can the beam target the tower.
Tim Sackton: The one place in this ballet that is safe from the beam is the inside of the tower.
Tim Sackton: But be warned.
Tim Sackton: Once the abomination has seen you.
Tim Sackton: you can target you anywhere within a day's walk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Tim Sackton: My brother Snuck out at night many years ago.
Tim Sackton: after a sculpture carved into the side of the mountain he had worked, was getting mad
Tim Sackton: for a hundred years to produce, was carelessly smashed to power. That thing that
Tim Sackton: but 2 days later they carried his ashes back, must have gotten
Tim Sackton: 15 miles away. In the night at least.
Mike: It's send a message to Faldrick to get what's the Max range of the Rainbow Bridge?
Tim Sackton: Like a hundred miles.
Mike: Okay, so can he go like a hundred miles away, please?
Mike: He probably already did.
Tim Sackton: He's not where he dropped off. No, no chance.
David S. Kong: I like how Fodrick is like the demitar of this campaign.
David S. Kong: Yeah, exactly.
David S. Kong: He's like comic relief, irascible.
Tim Sackton: Says.
Tim Sackton: but if you can get inside the tower unseen.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: And what there's a lot you might be able to do.
Mike: How far away is the town? Oh, no, we could just teleport number.
David S. Kong: Topic.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can see it. It's it's probably
Tim Sackton: the bottom of the tower is probably 3 400 feet up in the air.
Tim Sackton: and it's like a hundred feet tall. So the top is, you know.
Tim Sackton: I'm just thinking, if we weren't gonna dimension door instead of teleport, is it within 500 feet.
Tim Sackton: The bottom definitely is the top actually probably is not within.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you've seen the the interior of the top floor so.
David S. Kong: What do we do once we're inside.
Mike: We block the flow of energy to the thing right?
David S. Kong: I'm asking the giant, but like.
Mike: That's what he told us.
David S. Kong: That's what he just said. Block the flow of energy or.
Tim Sackton: He looks at the 4 of you.
Tim Sackton: Someone with more arcane knowledge than me may be able to figure out a way to destroy it completely at the source.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All look pointedly at Seeker.
Mike: We all stare and seeker.
David S. Kong: It's secret.
Tim Sackton: Here, looks up.
David S. Kong: Can you make a penny roll in arcana, or something like that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why would we want to destroy it? Says.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly. Why wait what you're suggesting? No, he means like, if you're actually looking at the back seeker will be able to figure out so he can see how it's put together.
Mike: Wait. Hold on, but we can also carry stuff on the Rainbow Bridge right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Wait. Why are we stealing it?
Tim Sackton: What would you be stealing? Exactly.
Mike: That
Mike: whatever mechanism we see. But wait, I guess it's the. I guess it's the whole tower is the problem.
David S. Kong: Flux capacitor. That's what we're stealing guys.
Tim Sackton: Can see what it looks like. But
Tim Sackton: impression is actually the entire tower is what I mean. There's this core of lightning that runs down to this.
Mike: The whole thing.
Tim Sackton: Tower that seems to be the crucial, and the tower itself is
Tim Sackton: like the size of Vendya Sharna.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so what's the.
Tim Sackton: Bigger than Peterson.
David S. Kong: How do we think this thing works?
Tim Sackton: She, light in the mountain sends these bolts of purple lightning to the tower, which both holds suspended, and then forms this core that runs down to the center of the tower to some kind of focusing ray, and you don't know what the thing at the bottom is, because you haven't seen it.
Tim Sackton: But the giant is suggesting it. He just somehow yeah.
Tim Sackton: off the flow of energy. It won't work.
Tim Sackton: Or also, when somebody with arcane knowledge
Tim Sackton: sees the mechanism. It might be easier to destroy.
David S. Kong: Okay, there's a little crazy idea.
David S. Kong: What if we get inside? We stealth in there.
David S. Kong: have a look at the mechanism. Okay, and then show it to the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's fascinating to see how it was made. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike: To see how to just that's brilliant.
Tim Sackton: They do have a mirror charge.
Mike: We don't stealth it. We might have to.
David S. Kong: The smartest adventure we've ever had. This is the most d and d adventure we ever had normally, just like walk into things and fight.
Mike: We could have this, we could have the Samakram
Mike: cast teleport while we're all invisible.
Mike: and then we could just weave the semacrum to fight the guards and die and go down to the thing without even fighting the guards.
David S. Kong: But no, we want to do this whole thing totally undetected. As soon as like.
Mike: Can't.
David S. Kong: Cards.
Mike: Gonna teleport into the room. Somebody has to be visible when we.
Tim Sackton: Already.
Mike: That's where.
Tim Sackton: Visible when you come.
Mike: Because whoever casts teleport.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Is going to lose their invisibility.
David S. Kong: Or what if we just teleported and kill a guard really fast? There's that.
Mike: We could do that.
David S. Kong: Let's just let's just work 17th level mobile.
Mike: Yeah, we could like, try and kill the guards really quick. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: But I need to go to bed.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so to wrap up the conversation with the giant before we call it quits for tonight.
Tim Sackton: So he you talk a little bit more. And he, you know, he talks about again how
Tim Sackton: you know clearly warming up to you and sort of wondering. Oh, maybe they'll actually pull it off.
Tim Sackton: and he's not willing to.
Tim Sackton: He's not willing to fight
Tim Sackton: But there's a group of of
Tim Sackton: a group of these of giants that, like half or more that, he said, want to leave who are at least willing to
Tim Sackton: break the knock down the road.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: So the ogres are trapped in the pit.
Tim Sackton: And then run.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: So.
David S. Kong: Any other things that he can do that are the equivalent of like tying the shoelaces of the dude before he stays.
David S. Kong: You know any things like that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no. He's like, once 50 foot abomination starts climbing out of his pit. We're running. That will like
Tim Sackton: totally fine. But sabotage as much as we can beforehand.
David S. Kong: Basketball, but also, is there any.
Mike: Other giants.
Mike: My only real concern is that while we're killing 50 foot abomination, we get swarmed by 6 giants, and we can't take 6 giants and 50 foot abomination.
David S. Kong: Yeah, exactly.
Mike: We want him to try and like.
David S. Kong: Can. Can you help us with enough distraction so that we can focus on the abomination and then
David S. Kong: think on it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's, he says. I'll think on it.
Tim Sackton: It says,
Tim Sackton: the one the ones they're scared, the ones that they're scared of are the Chelite sorcerers.
David S. Kong: Purple hats.
Tim Sackton: If those
Tim Sackton: he does not think anybody is going to challenge a Chelite sorcerer.
Tim Sackton: but he's pretty sure that it
Tim Sackton: 2 of them, one or 2 of them
Tim Sackton: always are in the Tower, anyway.
Tim Sackton: and you're pretty sure that there's only 2 chelate sorcerers.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Oh, okay, so we might kill the chewie sorcerers on our way through the tower, and then.
David S. Kong: That's great!
Tim Sackton: Or you might have to deal with one chelate sorcerer while you're dealing with the abomination. But he's he says, though he'll do his can guarantee
Tim Sackton: destroy the road. Ogres will be trapped.
David S. Kong: Each one of these things. By the way, seeker is doing like a a cantrip illusion like AI simulation of the battle like showing like, Okay, this is. And then the road pulls out, and then we see the and then and then, you know, so he's like, can see, you know.
Mike: I like that. We're not really worried about killing the 50 foot abomination.
David S. Kong: You probably actually should be right.
David S. Kong: We'll we'll figure that out later that this is, that's the other thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a problem for future Us.
David S. Kong: Exactly future Us problem, a million percent.
Tim Sackton: The other thing that he says is that Drukmir does not emerge often, and when he does
Tim Sackton: it is slow.
Tim Sackton: You hear the echoes and the thunder like 10 min before he begins to grow out of.
Tim Sackton: Pits below, where he.
David S. Kong: Lives, and insists on being worshipped, or the Pittsburgh.
Tim Sackton: So he says, what.
David S. Kong: Are the pits mapped.
Tim Sackton: No, nobody, I mean the ogres go in the mines, the abomination. The drukmar lives down there somewhere, but the giants don't go down.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But he's saying, when you hear the like booming thunder from below.
Tim Sackton: you have about 10 min before you have to face the abomination.
David S. Kong: Don't we actually want Vindersharna like to be in battle like? Do we want to use the ice can and all that stuff to shoot it. And things like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have to get rid of the disintegration right first.st
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think the whole, like the whole fight with
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the abomination, is based on there not being a giant disintegration right.
David S. Kong: Again take care! But but.
Mike: Having 10 min is actually that that means we can do all kinds of stuff
Mike: right like you can cast all your spells and get everything ready, and do all the things, and.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, don't waste your prayer of healing.
Mike: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was yeah, or like, what is Mordecain's private sanctum, or whatever it is like.
Tim Sackton: Want to save his save his wish, for when somebody needs true resurrection, because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because of the disintegration.
Tim Sackton: The only way you come back from the disintegration right.
Mike: But prior of healing, lets us all take a short rest too.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's pretty useful.
Mike: So like, let's stop.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Let's stop there.
Tim Sackton: So Giant goes away. It's night.
Tim Sackton: You'll have to decide if you want to launch an assault. Now try and sneak away and get a short rest, and launch an assault, or
Tim Sackton: sneak back to Vindersharna and take a long rest and launch an assault.
Mike: I mean, if we're teleporting, it doesn't make any difference whatsoever.
Tim Sackton: That's right.
David S. Kong: At the shit shit.
Mike: So we should just go back to the ship and take a long rest.
David S. Kong: Yeah, teleport here to the ship. Long rest, and we'll teleport right into the tower when we're ready.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good, good, good.
David S. Kong: If you need to sneak back to the ship, we just teleport to it.
David S. Kong: Sleep in our own beds exactly.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's true. You can just teleport right from here, back to the ship and then rest and then teleport.
David S. Kong: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: We will pick up next time.
David S. Kong: This is like luxury. D and D adventuring. This is go scalpel.
Tim Sackton: When you teleport. So when you teleport to this to
Tim Sackton: it is about 40 miles away.
Tim Sackton: Project has spent most of the time that you were walking flying away from the death ray.
David S. Kong: Smart.
Tim Sackton: And you say smart, and he's like I knew it. I knew you didn't want me to stay close to the death ray.
David S. Kong: Press her instincts. It's good.
Tim Sackton: And we'll end there, and then we'll pick up in the morning, after a long rest, as you prepare to assault the tower. Next time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fabulous.
David S. Kong: That was awesome. That was really fun.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I was. I'm.
David S. Kong: Are you impressed, Tim?
Tim Sackton: I am impressed you got. I was like there was like at least 3 points where I thought you were gonna end up having to fight somebody, and you managed to avoid all of them.
David S. Kong: All we did all clever d and d things like good Dnd people should be doing.
Mike: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've we've learned something from Youtube over these last 5 years.
David S. Kong: Like I like how at the very beginning of this, it was like, Oh, we could just teleport to the Tower and see what happens, not know anything about anything. I feel like we've done that so many times where there's a situation like this, and we're like we could learn a bunch of information. I was just teleport straight into the tower. Let's see what happens. Let's go. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it turns out it's useful that I really the suggestion on the ogre was.
Mike: I'm not suggested before.
Tim Sackton: That was like the best.
Mike: I've been waiting.
David S. Kong: It was, the whole thing was great, and then.
Mike: It was, yeah.
David S. Kong: We have the we have the.
Mike: Ted Rock.
David S. Kong: We figured out who the the actual do. The things were the revolutionary ones, and we had them come over. We talked to them, we learned all the information.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In architecture.
Mike: I was ready to give up on being able to find that guy so well well done tracking this dude down.
David S. Kong: We all live.
Mike: This is our plan. At the beginning we came into the say, we're gonna find the giants and start a revolution. We actually did it. So go us.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay. Good. Night. Everybody.
David S. Kong: We evolved.
Tim Sackton: Good night, everybody. A lot of guys.
Mike: Yes.